============================================
##uuu: Committee members identify themselves
============================================


Meeting started by delcypher at 20:10:40 UTC.  The full logs are
available at uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html .



Meeting summary
---------------

* delcypher is Dan Liew - Secretary  (delcypher, 20:10:55)
* arfoll is Brendan Le Foll - Trials Rep  (arfoll, 20:11:16)
* joe____ is Joe Baxter - Treasurer/ Muni rep  (delcypher, 20:11:41)
* krischairperson is Kris Abraham  (krischairperson, 20:11:41)
* SimonBerryFlatland is Simon Berry, Flatland Rep  (SimonBerryFlatla,
  20:12:00)
* Road representative  (delcypher, 20:12:09)
  * As agreed last time we decided to reach out to the unicycle
    committee to ask someone to stand for road representative. We have
    two candidates, Andrew Lenden & James Sandercock. Thanks for coming
    along guys.  (delcypher, 20:13:27)
  * VOTE: Voted on "Should Andrew Lenden and James Sandercock share the
    roll?" Results are, yes: 3, abstain: 2, no: 2  (delcypher, 20:22:53)
  * ACTION: AndrewLenden_ & Jam__ will share the road rep role
    (delcypher, 20:25:19)
  * ACTION: delcypher will contact AndrewLenden_ & Jam__ about UUU
    e-mail login after the meeting.  (delcypher, 20:27:43)

* BUC: Make contact with Emer from No Fit State  (delcypher, 20:28:00)
  * ACTION: krischairperson will get in contact with Emer (who starts next week)

* Progress report gaining control of UUU bank account  (delcypher,
  20:30:12)
  * krischairperson has finally been contacted (after HSBC cock-up). He
    will sign tomorrow and then get the paperwork passed on to
    delcypher.  (delcypher, 20:31:55)
  * Sarah Miller will also need to be contacted by HSBC regarding
    transfer.  (delcypher, 20:33:59)

* Putting together a fund for BUC  (delcypher, 20:34:07)
  * delcypher e-mailed the committee members asking for £50 to put into
    a temporary bank account (whilst the main one is being sorted) to
    pay for sport hall hire and other BUC things  (delcypher, 20:34:40)
  * So far delcypher and krischairperson have paid putting the pot at
    £100  (delcypher, 20:34:57)
  * arfoll has paid putting the pot at £150  (delcypher, 20:37:44)
  * ACTION: joe____ how much money is 'not much' and is there any spare
    avaialble from JUST  (arfoll, 20:55:12)
  * There is a £175 shortfall for hall hire (including payment from
    James). arfoll delcypher joe____ samgoodburn have said they are
    happy to pay for the shortfall provided they are paid back
    (delcypher, 20:55:55)
  * Jasonissostreet and SimonBerryFlatla are not sure if they can pay
    for BUC right now  (delcypher, 20:56:13)
  * ACTION: joe____ will speak to Sarah Miller/JUST asking if there is
    any money left over from previous BUCs  (delcypher, 20:56:31)

* sports hall for hockey  (delcypher, 20:56:49)
  * CAVC will need hall paid for in full (will not take deposit)
    (delcypher, 21:03:00)

* sportshall for freestyle  (delcypher, 21:03:16)
  * Probably not enough freestyle riders to justify hiring a seperate
    hall. We will probably have to make do with NFS's hall and have a
    combined show/ freestyle compeition.  (delcypher, 21:05:55)
  * AGREED:   (arfoll, 21:06:14)

* BUC: special guest  (delcypher, 21:06:29)
  * ACTION: krischairperson delcypher AndrewLenden_ arfoll
    Jasonissostreet SimonBerryFlatla Jam__ invite as many foreign riders
    as possible, by talking about it and welcoming them to the event
    (arfoll, 21:11:57)

* Should freestyle be cancelled if there is not enough registered
  participants by a certain date  (delcypher, 21:13:10)
  * Freestyle will go ahead as part of a combined show. If numbers are
    low several committee members are willing to participate
    (delcypher, 21:16:28)

* What traders should we have at BUC? Should we charge them? If so how
  much?  (delcypher, 21:16:50)
  * ACTION: krischairperson will invite 3 vendors and see what their
    response is  (arfoll, 21:23:22)
  * likely vendors will be UDC, Oddballs and Butterfingers  (delcypher,
    21:23:42)
  * ACTION: krischairperson will contact vendors asking if they would be
    willing to contribute prizes (also ask about a banner for trials
    course)  (delcypher, 21:26:09)
  * ACTION: Vendors will charged competitor rate per person at stall
    (delcypher, 21:28:21)

* Competitive event organisation  (delcypher, 21:28:36)
  * freestyle, flatland, hockey, street and trials need organising
    (delcypher, 21:29:07)
  * ACTION: krischairperson will organise hockey (in collaboration with
    players)  (delcypher, 21:33:47)
  * ACTION: Jasonissostreet will organise street comp  (delcypher,
    21:33:57)
  * ACTION: SimonBerryFlatla will organise flatland  (delcypher,
    21:34:14)
  * ACTION: arfoll and delcypher will organise trials  (delcypher,
    21:35:35)
  * freestyle organisation is uncertain at the moment but arfoll has
    offered to help  (delcypher, 21:37:01)



Meeting ended at 21:38:31 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* AndrewLenden_
  * AndrewLenden_ & Jam__ will share the road rep role
  * delcypher will contact AndrewLenden_ & Jam__ about UUU e-mail login
    after the meeting.
  * krischairperson delcypher AndrewLenden_ arfoll Jasonissostreet
    SimonBerryFlatla Jam__ invite as many foreign riders as possible, by
    talking about it and welcoming them to the event
* arfoll
  * krischairperson delcypher AndrewLenden_ arfoll Jasonissostreet
    SimonBerryFlatla Jam__ invite as many foreign riders as possible, by
    talking about it and welcoming them to the event
  * arfoll and delcypher will organise trials
* delcypher
  * delcypher will contact AndrewLenden_ & Jam__ about UUU e-mail login
    after the meeting.
  * krischairperson delcypher AndrewLenden_ arfoll Jasonissostreet
    SimonBerryFlatla Jam__ invite as many foreign riders as possible, by
    talking about it and welcoming them to the event
  * arfoll and delcypher will organise trials
* Jam__
  * AndrewLenden_ & Jam__ will share the road rep role
  * delcypher will contact AndrewLenden_ & Jam__ about UUU e-mail login
    after the meeting.
  * krischairperson delcypher AndrewLenden_ arfoll Jasonissostreet
    SimonBerryFlatla Jam__ invite as many foreign riders as possible, by
    talking about it and welcoming them to the event
* Jasonissostreet
  * krischairperson delcypher AndrewLenden_ arfoll Jasonissostreet
    SimonBerryFlatla Jam__ invite as many foreign riders as possible, by
    talking about it and welcoming them to the event
  * Jasonissostreet will organise street comp
* joe____
  * joe____ how much money is 'not much' and is there any spare
    avaialble from JUST
  * joe____ will speak to Sarah Miller/JUST asking if there is any money
    left over from previous BUCs
* krischairperson
  * krischairperson will find out if CAVC will need hall paid for in
    full or if they only need a deposit.
  * krischairperson delcypher AndrewLenden_ arfoll Jasonissostreet
    SimonBerryFlatla Jam__ invite as many foreign riders as possible, by
    talking about it and welcoming them to the event
  * krischairperson will invite 3 vendors and see what their response is
  * krischairperson will contact vendors asking if they would be willing
    to contribute prizes (also ask about a banner for trials course)
  * krischairperson will organise hockey (in collaboration with players)
* SimonBerryFlatla
  * krischairperson delcypher AndrewLenden_ arfoll Jasonissostreet
    SimonBerryFlatla Jam__ invite as many foreign riders as possible, by
    talking about it and welcoming them to the event
  * SimonBerryFlatland will organise flatland
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * Vendors will charged competitor rate per person at stall



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* delcypher (134)
* arfoll (95)
* krischairperson (69)
* joe____ (41)
* samgoodburn (39)
* SimonBerryFlatla (23)
* izqit (22)
* Jasonissostreet (14)
* CJCrates (10)
* Jam__ (8)
* AndrewLenden_ (5)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4
