<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html><head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
<title>##uuu: Committee members identify themselves</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>##uuu: Fifth IRC Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by delcypher at 20:10:40 UTC
(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">delcypher is Dan Liew - Secretary</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-6">delcypher</a>,
    20:10:55)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">arfoll is Brendan Le Foll - Trials Rep</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-7">arfoll</a>,
    20:11:16)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">joe____ is Joe Baxter - Treasurer/ Muni
    rep</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-11">delcypher</a>,
    20:11:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">krischairperson is Kris Abraham</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-12">krischairperson</a>,
    20:11:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">SimonBerryFlatland is Simon Berry, Flatland
    Rep</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-13">SimonBerryFlatla</a>,
    20:12:00)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Road representative</b> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-14">delcypher</a>, 20:12:09)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">As agreed last time we decided to reach out to
    the unicycle committee to ask someone to stand for road
    representative. We have two candidates, Andrew Lenden &amp; James
    Sandercock. Thanks for coming along guys.</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-19">delcypher</a>,
    20:13:27)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">VOTE</i>: <span class="VOTE">Voted on "Should
    Andrew Lenden and James Sandercock share the roll?" Results are,
    yes: 3, abstain: 2, no: 2</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-90">delcypher</a>,
    20:22:53)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">AndrewLenden_
    &amp; Jam__ will share the road rep role</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-110">delcypher</a>,
    20:25:19)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">delcypher
    will contact AndrewLenden_ &amp; Jam__ about UUU e-mail login after
    the meeting.</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-123">delcypher</a>,
    20:27:43)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">BUC: Make contact with Emer from No Fit State</b> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-126">delcypher</a>, 20:28:00)</span>
<ol type="a">
<li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>:<span class="INFO">Krischairperson will get in contact with Emer (who starts next week)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Progress report gaining control of UUU bank account</b> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-136">delcypher</a>, 20:30:12)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">krischairperson has finally been contacted
    (after HSBC cock-up). He will sign tomorrow and then get the
    paperwork passed on to delcypher.</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-144">delcypher</a>,
    20:31:55)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Sarah Miller will also need to be contacted by
    HSBC regarding transfer.</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-150">delcypher</a>,
    20:33:59)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Putting together a fund for BUC</b> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-151">delcypher</a>, 20:34:07)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">delcypher e-mailed the committee members asking
    for £50 to put into a temporary bank account (whilst the main one is
    being sorted) to pay for sport hall hire and other BUC things</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-152">delcypher</a>,
    20:34:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">So far delcypher and krischairperson have paid
    putting the pot at £100</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-153">delcypher</a>,
    20:34:57)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">arfoll has paid putting the pot at £150</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-167">delcypher</a>,
    20:37:44)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">joe____ how
    much money is 'not much' and is there any spare avaialble from
    JUST</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-236">arfoll</a>,
    20:55:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">There is a £175 shortfall for hall hire
    (including payment from James). arfoll delcypher joe____ samgoodburn
    have said they are happy to pay for the shortfall provided they are
    paid back</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-238">delcypher</a>,
    20:55:55)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Jasonissostreet and SimonBerryFlatla are not
    sure if they can pay for BUC right now</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-239">delcypher</a>,
    20:56:13)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">joe____ will
    speak to Sarah Miller/JUST asking if there is any money left over
    from previous BUCs</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-240">delcypher</a>,
    20:56:31)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">sports hall for hockey</b> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-242">delcypher</a>, 20:56:49)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">CAVC will need hall
    paid for in full (will not take deposit)</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-268">delcypher</a>,
    21:03:00)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">sportshall for freestyle</b> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-270">delcypher</a>, 21:03:16)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Probably not enough freestyle riders to justify
    hiring a seperate hall. We will probably have to make do with NFS's
    hall and have a combined show/ freestyle compeition.</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-291">delcypher</a>,
    21:05:55)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED"></span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-294">arfoll</a>,
    21:06:14)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">BUC: special guest</b> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-295">delcypher</a>, 21:06:29)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">krischairperson delcypher AndrewLenden_ arfoll
    Jasonissostreet SimonBerryFlatla Jam__ invite as many foreign riders
    as possible, by talking about it and welcoming them to the
    event</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-323">arfoll</a>,
    21:11:57)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Should freestyle be cancelled if there is not enough registered participants by a certain date</b> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-331">delcypher</a>, 21:13:10)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Freestyle will go ahead as part of a combined
    show. If numbers are low several committee members are willing to
    participate</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-353">delcypher</a>,
    21:16:28)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">What traders should we have at BUC? Should we charge them? If so how much?</b> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-355">delcypher</a>, 21:16:50)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">krischairperson will invite 3 vendors and see what
    their response is</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-395">arfoll</a>,
    21:23:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">likely vendors will be UDC, Oddballs and
    Butterfingers</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-397">delcypher</a>,
    21:23:42)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">krischairperson will contact vendors asking if they
    would be willing to contribute prizes (also ask about a banner for
    trials course)</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-405">delcypher</a>,
    21:26:09)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Vendors will
    charged competitor rate per person at stall</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-409">delcypher</a>,
    21:28:21)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Competitive event organisation</b> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-411">delcypher</a>, 21:28:36)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">freestyle, flatland, hockey, street and trials
    need organising</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-412">delcypher</a>,
    21:29:07)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">krischairperson will organise hockey (in
    collaboration with players)</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-435">delcypher</a>,
    21:33:47)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Jasonissostreet will organise street comp</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-436">delcypher</a>,
    21:33:57)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">SimonBerryFlatla will organise flatland</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-437">delcypher</a>,
    21:34:14)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">arfoll and
    delcypher will organise trials</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-443">delcypher</a>,
    21:35:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">freestyle organisation is uncertain at the
    moment but arfoll has offered to help</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html#l-450">delcypher</a>,
    21:37:01)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 21:38:31 UTC
(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-02-10-20.10.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>AndrewLenden_ &amp; Jam__ will share the road rep role</li>
  <li>delcypher will contact AndrewLenden_ &amp; Jam__ about UUU e-mail login after the meeting.</li>
  <li>krischairperson will get in contact with Emer (who starts next week)</li>
  <li>joe____ how much money is 'not much' and is there any spare avaialble from JUST</li>
  <li>joe____ will speak to Sarah Miller/JUST asking if there is any money left over from previous BUCs</li>
  <li>krischairperson will find out if CAVC will need hall paid for in full or if they only need a deposit.</li>
  <li>krischairperson delcypher AndrewLenden_ arfoll Jasonissostreet 
SimonBerryFlatla Jam__ invite as many foreign riders as possible, by 
talking about it and welcoming them to the event</li>
  <li>krischairperson will invite 3 vendors and see what their response is</li>
  <li>krischairperson will contact vendors asking if they would be 
willing to contribute prizes (also ask about a banner for trials course)</li>
  <li>Vendors will charged competitor rate per person at stall</li>
  <li>krischairperson will organise hockey (in collaboration with players)</li>
  <li>Jasonissostreet will organise street comp</li>
  <li>SimonBerryFlatla will organise flatland</li>
  <li>arfoll and delcypher will organise trials</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> AndrewLenden_ <ol>
    <li>AndrewLenden_ &amp; Jam__ will share the road rep role</li>
    <li>delcypher will contact AndrewLenden_ &amp; Jam__ about UUU e-mail login after the meeting.</li>
    <li>krischairperson delcypher AndrewLenden_ arfoll Jasonissostreet 
SimonBerryFlatla Jam__ invite as many foreign riders as possible, by 
talking about it and welcoming them to the event</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> arfoll <ol>
    <li>krischairperson delcypher AndrewLenden_ arfoll Jasonissostreet 
SimonBerryFlatla Jam__ invite as many foreign riders as possible, by 
talking about it and welcoming them to the event</li>
    <li>arfoll and delcypher will organise trials</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> delcypher <ol>
    <li>delcypher will contact AndrewLenden_ &amp; Jam__ about UUU e-mail login after the meeting.</li>
    <li>krischairperson delcypher AndrewLenden_ arfoll Jasonissostreet 
SimonBerryFlatla Jam__ invite as many foreign riders as possible, by 
talking about it and welcoming them to the event</li>
    <li>arfoll and delcypher will organise trials</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> Jam__ <ol>
    <li>AndrewLenden_ &amp; Jam__ will share the road rep role</li>
    <li>delcypher will contact AndrewLenden_ &amp; Jam__ about UUU e-mail login after the meeting.</li>
    <li>krischairperson delcypher AndrewLenden_ arfoll Jasonissostreet 
SimonBerryFlatla Jam__ invite as many foreign riders as possible, by 
talking about it and welcoming them to the event</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> Jasonissostreet <ol>
    <li>krischairperson delcypher AndrewLenden_ arfoll Jasonissostreet 
SimonBerryFlatla Jam__ invite as many foreign riders as possible, by 
talking about it and welcoming them to the event</li>
    <li>Jasonissostreet will organise street comp</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> joe____ <ol>
    <li>joe____ how much money is 'not much' and is there any spare avaialble from JUST</li>
    <li>joe____ will speak to Sarah Miller/JUST asking if there is any money left over from previous BUCs</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> krischairperson <ol>
    <li>krischairperson will contact vendors asking if they would be 
    <li>krischairperson delcypher AndrewLenden_ arfoll Jasonissostreet 
SimonBerryFlatla Jam__ invite as many foreign riders as possible, by 
talking about it and welcoming them to the event</li>
    <li>krischairperson will invite 3 vendors and see what their response is</li>
    <li>krischairperson will contact vendors asking if they would be 
willing to contribute prizes (also ask about a banner for trials course)</li>
    <li>krischairperson will organise hockey (in collaboration with players)</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> SimonBerryFlatla <ol>
    <li>krischairperson delcypher AndrewLenden_ arfoll Jasonissostreet 
SimonBerryFlatla Jam__ invite as many foreign riders as possible, by 
talking about it and welcoming them to the event</li>
    <li>SimonBerryFlatla will organise flatland</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>Vendors will charged competitor rate per person at stall</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>delcypher (134)</li>
  <li>arfoll (95)</li>
  <li>krischairperson (69)</li>
  <li>joe____ (41)</li>
  <li>samgoodburn (39)</li>
  <li>SimonBerryFlatla (23)</li>
  <li>izqit (22)</li>
  <li>Jasonissostreet (14)</li>
  <li>CJCrates (10)</li>
  <li>Jam__ (8)</li>
  <li>AndrewLenden_ (5)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>

</body></html>
