<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>##uuu log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:15:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:15:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Meeting started Sun Jan 20 18:15:25 2013 UTC.  The chair is delcypher. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:15:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:15:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> Yes, we should start.
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:15:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Note Committee members present</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:15:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher is Dan Liew - Secretary</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:15:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> All committee members please note who you are like I did above.
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:16:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">gkmac is Gavin - Webmaster</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:16:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">arfoll is Brendan Le Foll - Trials rep</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:16:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sam____&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Sam___ is Sam Goodburn - Freestyle rep</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:16:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;JoeBaxter&gt;</span> Joe Baxter - Treasurer
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:17:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">iuf is Alan Hogan - IUF Rep</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:17:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Progress report for temporary UUU website content</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:17:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Sam____:</span> and arfoll Any luck writing stuff?
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:18:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Oh and JoeBaxter , sorry I keep forgetting Muni
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:18:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> mine is prety much written, but not moved it onto your new gdocs
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:18:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i think I already shared it with you
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:19:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sam____&gt;</span> As of yet I've done nothing. I'm going to just improve the current one a bit.
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:19:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;JoeBaxter&gt;</span> Mine is almost ready. I'd like to compare with others first but I can upload it sometime soon
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:19:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> You don't need to move to GDocs because I already did it.
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:19:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Sam____:</span> I've made a shared document for you to use for freestyle it's here --&gt; https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/1IG2S0kfWE_zPns13PlU2EHo3UTJ8S1CQAAspdkjGLTM/edit
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:20:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> cool, well after meeting i'll call it done ;-)
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:20:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sam____&gt;</span> Thanks Dan I'll save the link.
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:20:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">JoeBaxter:</span> You can just upload it and we can all see it. The URL for the Muni document is here --&gt; https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/1UzkYiCkA0SUIGeZcz4sFhjagVlMkKb8FqZyRN3-0o1Y/edit
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:21:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">iuf:</span> Alan are you still here?
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:21:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:21:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">iuf:</span> Alan would you be interested in writing the Road description at all, seeing as you're a roadie?
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:21:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> ok, I will try to come up with something :)
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:21:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">iuf:</span> Doesn't need much just a brief description of what it's all about and maybe a few youtube links to good riding videos
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:22:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;JoeBaxter&gt;</span> Will do
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:22:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">iuf:</span> The link to the Road unicycling document is here --&gt; https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/1moKZokAv8QJavZUTwIJ6Q7K8iw92JUnu5GoEH6aTd9I/edit
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:22:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> will do, I have some stuff from the china trip I will use
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:22:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">iuf:</span> Awesome :D
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:23:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> I have heard from the IUF btw
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:24:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> from Jan I will be listed as official rep
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:24:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Sam____ JoeBaxter iuf will write about the Freestyle,Muni and road disciplines.</span>
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:24:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher will contact JasonAuld SimonBerry as they were not present about website content.</span>
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:24:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">iuf:</span> Awesome I'll quickly jump to that topic then.
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:25:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Progress report on IUF role</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:25:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">iuf has heard back from the Internation Unicycling Federation (IUF). He will be listed as the official rep from January.</span>
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:25:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> I am affraid thats as far as its got..... they havent told me what info thay actually want
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:25:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">iuf:</span> Did they say anything else? Like what you had to do?
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:26:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Ok then. I'll make a note and then move on to a different topic.
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:26:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> I am meeting Olaf in Dusseldorf in April, will get more info then if not before
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:27:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">IUF have not informed iuf rep (Alan Hogan) about the role but he will hopefully find out more when he meets Olaf in April.</span>
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:27:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">iuf:</span> Anything else to add before we change topic?
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:27:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> No, thats about it
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:27:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">iuf:</span> Cool.
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:27:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Progress report on website improvements.</span>
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:28:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher has made a simple mock-up that could be used in the future.</span>
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:28:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> Well I'm pretty impressed with what Dan's done.
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:28:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I take it everyone has seen it?
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:28:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> I do admit I'm a fair bit behind when it comes to jQuery.
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:28:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> And I thought that "Ajax" was floor polish...
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:29:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> jQuery is awesome :) . Well I've not used the ajax aspect of jQuery in the mock-up. What I've used is its ability to do fade in affects, traverse the DOM and hide elements.
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:29:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> Seriously though, I'm attempting to fit Dan's menu system into phpBB's styles engine.
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:29:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The mock up (for those who haven't seen it) is here --&gt; http://www.doc.ic.ac.uk/~dsl11/modern-ui-content-fixedwidth/</span>
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:30:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> I'll also be personalising the forum look a bit, to make it less like the default prosilver look.
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:30:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> ok boys take the lovefest offline ;-)
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:30:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> As for DokuWiki, I think I may have a solution to put wiki content into the current website.
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:30:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> If you haven't already it might be an idea to keep an eye on the github repository for the mock-up as I made some changes (that you might not of seen) which fixes a lot of IE7 problems.
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:31:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> Yes it's changed several times...
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:31:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> Because of that and the fact I have to integrate it into phpBB, it may not be exactly the same.
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:31:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">gkmac is currently integrating the mock-up into the phpBB styles engine.</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:32:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> That's fine. I'm not intending to make anymore changes (apart from the text that appears in the menus) so you can safely merge what I've done.
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:32:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> Note that because I'm a cheapskate, I don't have Windows 7 so I can't test with IE9...
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:32:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> Well when you have something running I'd be quite happy to test it for you.
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:33:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> With regards to the wiki. How long do you think it'll be before you'll have something working? A few weeks, a month??
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:33:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> Thanks Dan, I know you're quite a thorough tester...
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:34:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> Maybe about 3 weeks I suppose. Since I work for a living, time on working on the website is a little limited.
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:35:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> So that's the website look and Dokuwiki covered. I think that's all for now.
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:36:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Kris Abraham - UUU Chairperson has just joined.</span>
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:36:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> and we've lost joe...
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:37:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> hi Guest98982
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:37:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Guest98982&gt;</span> for some reason it just changed kris to guest 98982?
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:37:20 </span><span class="nka">* gkmac</span> <span class="ac">thinks using Internet over wi-fi is just asking for dropouts...</span>
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:37:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">gkmac thinks approximate 3 weeks for Doku Wiki integration.</span>
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:37:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> Was there anything else you wanted to say about the website? If not I'll move on?
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:38:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> No nothing else really. As soon as I think something is ready for testing I'll e-mail the committee.
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:38:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> ok.
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:38:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Guest98982:</span> just type /nick Kris
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:38:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">UUU Events calendar</span>
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:39:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Guest98982:</span> but names have to be unique on the freenode network, so if someone else has kris and is logged in, your name will get changed
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:39:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher suggested to the committee a few weeks ago about having their own events calendar (powered by Google Calendar)</span>
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:39:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Did anyone have a play with the calendars I set up?
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:39:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> yeah that was a decent idea, personally would help me organise myself
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:39:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> it said kris was already taken?
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:39:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> read the comment above, try variations on kris. We're one channel on a *huge* network
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:40:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> ok cool im happy with this for now
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:40:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> My idea would essentially would be for us (the committee) the manage the shared calendar that would be visible on our website as a widget or as a ICAL feed.
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:40:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> you can 'register' a nick on the network to avoid the problem
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:40:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> http://freenode.net/faq.shtml#registering
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:41:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Those we REALLY trust could have access to the calendar too to add their own events. For those we aren't sure about we can create the event on the calendar for them and then make them a guest which gives them ability to edit their event and their event ONLY.
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:41:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> i liked the callender i think it works well, one callender for the website would be cool though coluour coded for diffewrent disiplines of unicycling events
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:42:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">JoeBaxter:</span> We're on the topic of the UUU calendar.
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:42:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;JoeBaxter&gt;</span> Sorry I got kicked out at 18.33
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:42:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> There's a slight problem with that that occured to me a few days ago. I've done a seperate calendar for disciplines e.g. muni, road...
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:43:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> If you have an event (like BUC or Eurocycle) that has multiple disciplines then things get messy. Google Calendar won't let you have an event that spans multiple calendars.
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:43:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Also it would look really messy on the website because the same event would be repeated for each calendar.
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:44:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;JoeBaxter&gt;</span> I agree
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:44:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I see two solutions. 1. have a single calendar and just note in the event name what discipline it is.
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:45:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> 2. Have an additional calendar for multi-discipline events
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:45:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> one calendar and event tags [Trials] solves this
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:45:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I prefer option 1 as it's a lot simpler
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:45:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> if someone wants to code it, the widget could colorised events depending on the tag
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:45:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span>  ye i just think if people go to the wesite it would be good to see whats on in febuary, and not have to go to each individual calender to see that teres a muni event on in febuary and then go to the road callender and see its empty up untill july or somthing seems as we dont have a jam packed calkender making lots of them seems a little silly, maybe if there is a multi disiplin event like buc it could be a notther colour?
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:46:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> but in reality theres loads of multidiscipline events, like trials/street is probably the most common event type...
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:46:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> true
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:47:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> Having 1 calendar for it all would be easier to find the events you want though I think
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:47:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Are we in agreement then? We'll just have a single calendar and put all events on it. We just have to make sure we put the discipline in the event name.
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:48:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">a single calendar will be easier to manage</span>
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:48:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> that sounds best to me
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:48:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">;-)</span>
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:48:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Ok I'll sort that out tonight.
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:48:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:48:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;JoeBaxter&gt;</span> It's not like there are so many events its going to be hard finding a muni ride amongst trials meets haha
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:49:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher will merge all event calendars into a single event calendar and share this calendar with other committee members.</span>
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:49:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher will write documentation on how to add events to google calendar</span>
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:50:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> Once this is sorted would you be happy to put the calendar widget (plus ical links) on the current website?
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:50:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> I would need an example of the embed code to do it.
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:50:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> A rough example is here --&gt; http://www.doc.ic.ac.uk/~dsl11/calendar-widget.html
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:51:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> I'll provide you with the actual code once I've fixed the calendars
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:51:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> Thanks.
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:51:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> Once again, delcypher is far ahead of the webmaster game than gkmac could ever be...
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:51:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher will provide gkmac with the code for calendar widget and ical links.</span>
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:52:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> I wouldn't say that. I'm just trying to get stuff done fast. I had several months of so I had free time to do all this stuff. I've just started my PhD though so my time is much more limited but I'm committed to seeing this through.
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:52:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> s/of/off
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:52:49 </span><span class="nka">* gkmac</span> <span class="ac">wonders if delcypher will enter "Dance your Ph D"</span>
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:53:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Jason just messaged me. He's in a business meeting.
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:54:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Ok, anything more on calendars or shall we move on?
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:54:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> No worries Dan. It's good gaining knowledge from your skills.
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:54:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> I think we should move on...
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:54:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Gaining control of the UUU Bank account</span>
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:54:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">JoeBaxter:</span> Where are we on this?
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:55:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">JoeBaxter:</span> i still havent recived anything from HSBC
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:55:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">JoeBaxter has contacted HSBC and is getting the signatories changed which requires each new signator to visit a HSBC branch and prove their identity.</span>
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:56:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">JoeBaxter chairperson and delcypher are to be the signatories.</span>
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:56:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">JoeBaxter:</span> Did HSBC ever tell you how they would contact me or Kris?
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:56:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;JoeBaxter&gt;</span> No
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:57:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> When you last spoke with them did they say they were sending the paperwork to Kris?
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:57:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;JoeBaxter&gt;</span> I've been trying to contact Julia at hsbc but without success. I have left messages for her to get back to me but she hasn't yet
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:57:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;JoeBaxter&gt;</span> She isnt based in one branch so catching her is awkward
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:58:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">JoeBaxter:</span> Ok. Do you think there's anymore we can do, or do we just need to wait for her to contact us?
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:58:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;JoeBaxter&gt;</span> Yeah. She said she was sending the paperwork to the hsbc branch kris said would be most convenient.
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:58:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;JoeBaxter&gt;</span> I will get in touch with her this week, somehow
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:59:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">JoeBaxter:</span> Ok. Thanks.
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:59:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;JoeBaxter&gt;</span> There is nothing we can do until they are signed
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:59:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">JoeBaxter is having trouble contacting the correct person at HSBC (not returning calls). JoeBaxter will continue to try and make contact.</span>
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">19:00:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">JoeBaxter:</span> should i go to the hsbc i mentioned and see if they know anything then?4
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">19:01:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;JoeBaxter&gt;</span> Could do
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">19:02:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;JoeBaxter&gt;</span> Ill keep you posted if I ear from Julia
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">19:02:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">chairperson will ask if his HSBC branch knows anything.</span>
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">19:02:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Right shall we move on?
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">19:02:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">JoeBaxter:</span> whaqyts the account name?
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">19:02:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> so i have somthing to ask the branch!
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">19:04:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> move on i will discuss with joe the finer points later
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">19:04:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;JoeBaxter&gt;</span> Union of UK unicyclists
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">19:05:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">registering UUU as a charity</span>
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">19:05:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">JoeBaxter:</span> cool ill look in to it thanks joe
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">19:05:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">This will not be sorted out by the time BUC comes around because HMRC have 6-8 week turn around time and because the bank account needs sorting first.</span>
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">19:06:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Something ocurred to me the other day about this that concerns me. Do we want make membership mandatory for competiting in competitions. If so legally we can't claim gift aid on membership.
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">19:07:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> I suggest we stop getting caught up in these details
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">19:07:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Thoughts?
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">19:07:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> can be easily avoided, for example making membership be obligatory as part of signup to BUC
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">19:08:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> True. Okay moving on...
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">19:08:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> agrree withe arfoll we will find a way arround it.
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">19:08:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Progress report on finding lvel testers, a record of achievers and certificate templates</span>
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">19:08:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Sam____:</span> I take it no progress right?
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">19:09:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sam____&gt;</span> no progress
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">19:10:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sam____&gt;</span> sorry. but I will get on it,  i wouldn't reccomend setting me much else to do this meeting if you want it done asap.
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">19:10:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> can I ask how you're planning to do the level assessments?
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">19:10:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sam____&gt;</span> I've been working on the freestyle description https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/1IG2S0kfWE_zPns13PlU2EHo3UTJ8S1CQAAspdkjGLTM/edit
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">19:10:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CJCrates:</span> Currently have no plan. There was a system in place but we're not sure if we're going to follow it.
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">19:11:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CJCrates:</span> there are IUF skills levels defined here : http://www.unicycle.org.uk/uuu/freestyle/skills_levels
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">19:11:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> I know of the skill levels, I just didn't know if they had any meaning other than a personal gauge
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">19:12:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Sam____:</span> Thanks I will read later.
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">19:12:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sam____&gt;</span> on the unicyclist forum a while ago I think it was agreed that the benefit of levels is to encourage beginners and new riders
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">19:13:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Sam____:</span> Have you e-mailed JUST, Connie Cotter or Sarah Miller yet? If not do you want me to do it?
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">19:14:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sam____&gt;</span> I haven't if you think you can do it sooner than I can then please go ahead. Right now I'm massively multitasking. But I will perfect the freestyle description for the site
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">19:14:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Sam____:</span> I can do it tonight. Do you have Connie Cotter's email address though. I don't have it.
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">19:15:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Does anyone think I should contact anyone else about the levels other than JUST, Sarah Miller and Connie Cotter?
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">19:16:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sam____&gt;</span> i'll message it to you 2 seconds
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">19:16:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Sam____:</span> Ok.
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">19:18:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sam____&gt;</span> i thought i had it, it was a unicon email adress she messaged me from
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">19:18:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">JoeBaxter:</span> You don't happen to know Connie Cotter's e-mail address do you?
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">19:19:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;JoeBaxter&gt;</span> No I don't think so. I can check
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">19:19:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;JoeBaxter&gt;</span> I'll let you know if I find it
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">19:19:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Ok.
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">19:20:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher will attempt to contact JUST, Sarah Miller and Connie Cotter (if e-mail address can be located) about unicycle skill levels system.</span>
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">19:20:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sam____&gt;</span> if not i will message philipp (swiss freestyle rider stayed with connie) and ask him.
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">19:20:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I'm going to skip the Sports England topic. Save that for another time.
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">19:21:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">How are committee members selected.</span>
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">19:21:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> You added this to the agenda so please talk about it.
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">19:21:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> well basically how are members added to this comittee? When are they voted in/selected?
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">19:22:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> I would have no problem with a public vote @ BUC and any one can contest any position anualy
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">19:22:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> any idea how bigger groups do it?
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">19:22:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> this is a serious question, the road/hockey positions have basically been offered on private emaisl, which i dont believe is what has been stated in the constitution and not how I understood we would elect people
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">19:23:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i dont really care, but I think we need to make the process official one way or another
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">19:23:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> because from my perspective it seems that other sports federateions are more like businesses
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">19:23:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> agreed but initaialy its difficult to find individuals to fill the roles
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">19:23:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> The constitution is currently in draft form and so not in effect. But you're right we shouldn't offer positions privately. Perhaps until BUC comes around we could publically ask if anyone wants the road rep role?
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">19:24:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> possible, however offering the position publicly would at least be a better start no?
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">19:24:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> giving the roles away now and reinforcing tham at BUC seems like a easy option
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">19:24:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> And when BUC comes around have people vote that they agree with constitution and then from that point onwards follow the constitution.
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">19:24:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> but your right we shoyuld advertise themn on the forum and FB
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">19:25:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> are you suggesting we will have a vote for *all* positions at buc?
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">19:25:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I agree. We should advertise commitee positions.
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">19:25:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> Hockey rep still required? maybe we could advertise it on FB and the forum
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">19:25:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> It's always been done that way.
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">19:26:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> yes if anyone wants to contest the chair role at buc then bring it on and if the union membvers vote me out and the contender in so be it
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">19:26:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> Barry said he was sort of stepping down but would find a replacement. I've not heard anything from him so I don't know what's happening. I could ask him what's going on and if wants to step down we can publically ask for a replacement.
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">19:26:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> ok ill ask on tuesday
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">19:27:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> I think getting reps sorted early is the best approach
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">19:27:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> i'm not suggesting anyone step down lol, but what I mean is that we need to make sure our 'election' process is clean
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">19:27:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> atm offering positions in private emails makes *me* feel uncomfortable
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">19:27:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> Then as the UUU gets bigger make it a slightly more closed system
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">19:27:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> hence why I raised it
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">19:27:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">chairperson will speak to Barry Gates and see if he wishes to continue being hockey rep.</span>
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">19:27:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CJCrates:</span> closed system? No way
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">19:27:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> well
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">19:27:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> imagine if the UUU had a million+ members
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">19:28:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> agreed but im just saying every position should be contestable at BUC
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">19:28:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> ask each of them who wants to be rep?
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">19:28:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CJCrates:</span> i would still vote to have public meetings and public elections
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">19:28:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> cool, thats no problem with me :-) (in fact I think its a good idea)
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">19:28:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Committee positions will be publically offered (by Facebook and forum) until BUC. At BUC the draft constitution can be voted on and then put into effect which establishes the system for voting, etc...</span>
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">19:28:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> ye i like that approach too keeps everyone on there toes
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">19:29:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CJCrates:</span> currently elections where basically raise your hand&amp;count style at BUC AGMs, which I think is good enough for what we need. You dont turn up to BUC, you don't get a vote...
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">19:29:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> yeah, I think with its current size and state that's completely appropriate
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">19:30:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CJCrates:</span> If you're interested please take a look at the draft constitution for the UUU and give us feedback. It can be found here --&gt; https://docs.google.com/document/d/17U-XwTTyu0S56Tb2kEyesPfuxvSyAGGWsOlqzMb8Qw8/pub
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">19:30:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> from now on can we advertise for a possition on the forum and FB we could set up a FB vote to decide who gets it outside of buc
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">19:30:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> Yeap I'm fine with that.
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">19:30:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> personally i'd rather the contenders came on our next IRC meeting and presented themselves
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">19:30:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sam____&gt;</span> Do you think anyone else would step forward for Freestyle rep?
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">19:30:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> then invite anyone interested on irc to vote
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">19:31:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> facebook votes would be more like a popularity contest with a select group of individuals
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">19:31:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> FB votes can only be voted for by FB slaves...
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">19:31:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> I agree with that. If they are reliable enough to turn up to the meeting they probably shouldn't be a committee member.
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">19:31:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> ;-)
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">19:31:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> agreed
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">19:31:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> agreed
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">19:31:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Sam____:</span> no. you're stuck with the position. Don't leave us?
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">19:31:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> We could use a public voting website instead.
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">19:31:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Sam____:</span> we &lt;3 u too much
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">19:32:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sam____&gt;</span> @arfoll bugger haha
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">19:32:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> agreed with gk use a differant platform for voting if required maybe here but advertise the possitions on the forum and FB
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">19:33:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i think voting on irc makes more sense...
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">19:33:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> also stops everyone voting twice, only people interested enough to turn up on irc vote (possible bias to internet savy people...)
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">19:34:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> irc aint hard if i can use it
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">19:35:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Well it's only temporary. So I guess it'll do. Are we agreed that until BUC we'll advertise positions on forum/facebook. Voting for positions will be done on IRC (open to all).
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">19:36:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">19:36:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> agreed
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">19:36:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">19:37:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> Sorry guys dinner has been served...
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">19:37:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> I'll leave this open in case I come back...
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">19:37:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> Ok cool. My dinner's going to be ready in 10minutes as well so I have to go soon.
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">19:37:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> Enjoy your dinner!
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">19:37:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> delcypher: dinner can be had on irc... dedication!
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">19:38:02 </span><span class="nka">* arfoll</span> <span class="ac">feeds ##uuu</span>
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">19:38:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Are you in agreement too?
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">19:38:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">iuf:</span> Do you agree?
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">19:38:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> Yes :)
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">19:38:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">JoeBaxter:</span> Do you agree?
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">19:39:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> yes
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">19:40:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Until BUC (when the constitution can be decided on) new committee positions will be publicly offered (via Forum/Facebook/Twitter). Voting will take place on IRC (open to all).</span>
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">19:41:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Should we have a Road unicycling representative?</span>
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">19:41:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We have reps for most other disciplines, but not road unicycling.</span>
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">19:42:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> At some point, yes
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">19:42:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CJCrates:</span> the question is, is that point now?
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">19:42:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> might as well advertise for one, i dont see the harm in having one
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">19:42:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> It depends how much power the UUU currently has at organising things
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">19:42:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I don't think there's any harm in having a road rep. It would certainly nice to have one. Maybe we should publically offer the position and if no-one responds then we won't bother.
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">19:43:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> ^my view
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">19:43:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> you two type to fast i was gonna say that
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">19:43:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CJCrates:</span> We don't really have any power because everything is a bit of a mess (because of the transition), but at some point we will officially govern the unicycling disciplines.
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">19:44:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Are we agreed that we'll advertise for a road rep then?
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">19:44:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">19:44:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">19:44:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;canadam_&gt;</span> sorry to be off topic but I'm new to the uuu and just wanted to check out the meeting. hey everyone! ps i agree with the above
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">19:44:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> agreed .... I would be happy to do it but I am very far north which make even getting to BUC difficult
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">19:45:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> perhaps give julian page a nudge at the same time!
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">19:45:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">canadam_:</span> hi and welcome to our meeting :)
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">19:45:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">canadam_:</span> good to see some new faces
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">19:45:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;JoeBaxter&gt;</span> Sorry I was kicked out again. I won't be irc on ipad again.
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">19:45:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> I'm back now.
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">19:45:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;JoeBaxter&gt;</span> What were you asking if I agreed with just before?
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">19:45:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;canadam_&gt;</span> thank you!
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">19:45:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">JoeBaxter:</span> try use a dedicated IRC app for ipad, not just the web client
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">19:46:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">canadam_:</span> whats your diciplin / interest?
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">19:47:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">canadam_:</span> are you in Canadia? :-)
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">19:47:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">JoeBaxter:</span> We were asking if we should adverstise for a road rep.
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">19:47:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;canadam_&gt;</span> trials, to be honest i'm still quite new to unicycling so far from good. but i'm hooked!
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">19:48:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">canadam_:</span> Awesome. That's what we like to hear!
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">19:48:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;canadam_&gt;</span> i live in london now but i moved from there :)
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">19:48:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> got to head off guys. Got to start making myself dinner. Hope to see you all next weekend. ;)
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">19:48:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CJCrates:</span> see you!
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">19:48:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;canadam_&gt;</span> bye CJ!
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">19:48:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CJCrates:</span> Tuesday
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">19:48:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">canadam_:</span> coming to the ride next weekend in london?
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">19:49:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">The UUU will publically advertise for a road representative position</span>
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">19:49:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;canadam_&gt;</span> yes, can't wait!
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">19:50:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> YoYo Joe
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">19:50:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Promoting events on facebook/twitter. Should we have each discipline rep responsible for posting about events for their discipline.</span>
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">19:50:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> if you could use IRC you'd know he's quit ;-)
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">19:51:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">If an event is multi-discipline obviously only one rep needs to post about it</span>
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">19:51:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> isnt that obvviouslty already the case?
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">19:51:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> lol i can type and read thats the extent of it
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">19:51:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> and does facebook autopost to twitter?
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">19:51:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Yes it does automatically.
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">19:52:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> good no need for me to join twitter then!
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">19:52:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> cool. well in that case i think the obvious answer is yes
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">19:52:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Okay let's do it (even though most of the discipline reps aren't here)
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">19:52:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> Two events have been announced in the forums. Would the rep be responsible for posting links to those on the facebook wall?
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">19:52:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> In an ideal world yes. For the moment I've been doing it.
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">19:53:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> i dont agree if a event comes up on the forum the first FB admin to see it should post it
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">19:53:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> tbh UUU should advertise all events so *who* actually does it is irrelevant
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">19:53:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> but reps shoudl be alert and try advertise events in their discipline (i mean thats kinda their job desc...)
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">19:53:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> chairperson++
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">19:53:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> no offence to som of our reps but there not as active as others if i hear about a event and the rep is slow to advertise it i will on his behalf
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">19:54:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> I agree with chairperson, any committee member can relay posts in forum to the facebook wall.
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">19:54:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> (apart from myself of course)
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">19:54:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> I object. i refuse to advertise street rides
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">19:54:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> I should get going :(
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">19:54:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> lol
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">19:54:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;JoeBaxter&gt;</span> Haha fair enough
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">19:55:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">iuf:</span> cyao
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">19:55:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> im out soon to
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">19:55:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> iuf c u soon
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">19:55:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> Bye
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">19:55:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> shall we just end it there?
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">19:55:38 </span><span class="nka">* gkmac</span> <span class="ac">thinks we should start to wrap things up if lots are people are leaving for dinner...</span>
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">19:56:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> BUC?
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">19:56:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> pack of info sounds very boring - and frankly I dont think we have ressources for that
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">19:56:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> all we need is a sports hall and then we can advertise it right?
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">19:56:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> uhm yes - anything about that?
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">19:56:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> whats the status on getting the nofitstate venue?
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">19:56:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> no fit state is a goer
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">19:56:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> all we need is hockey
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">19:57:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">to be resolved later.</span>
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">19:57:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">BUC</span>
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">19:57:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> i intend to follow through with this next week and possibly book somwhere
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">19:57:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Awaiting on hockey hall</span>
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">19:57:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> ok awesome, good to know that still all good
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">19:57:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> its a chouce of two
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">19:58:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> ill send a email to all comitte members with the pros and cons of the two venues
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">19:58:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> help decide
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">19:58:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> and pay???4
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">19:58:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Liam McNally has been spending his time (thanks Liam!) finding a hall for us. Cardiff and Vale College looks promising.</span>
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">19:58:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i suggested all comittee members pay their BUC fees early for the hall cost
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">19:59:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> can we get all members to stump up there £50
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">19:59:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> I've looked at the pics. I've just realised I've been there before.
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">19:59:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> its not ideal for viewing but no were seems to be
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">20:00:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Pictures are now on google docs at https://drive.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/#folders/0B2RZnOajrg2DbWlsTC01Q2xDLVU
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">20:00:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> ok thats it iv got to go
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">20:00:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Ok.
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">20:00:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> will send email about this next week
<a name="l-357"></a><span class="tm">20:01:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I think we'll have to call it a day. There are a few topics left but I need to eat and everyone's leaving.
<a name="l-358"></a><span class="tm">20:01:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> if anyone else wants a coppy email me chairperson@unicycle.org.uk
<a name="l-359"></a><span class="tm">20:01:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> agreeed
<a name="l-360"></a><span class="tm">20:01:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> bye bye
<a name="l-361"></a><span class="tm">20:01:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;canadam_&gt;</span> ok guys, hope to see u some of you next weekend, in the snow!
<a name="l-362"></a><span class="tm">20:01:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> kk cyao
<a name="l-363"></a><span class="tm">20:02:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">canadam_:</span> see you next w/e
<a name="l-364"></a><span class="tm">20:02:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Ending meeting, there are a few topics left so we'll have to deal with them next time</span>
<a name="l-365"></a><span class="tm">20:02:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
