--- Log opened Fri Aug 30 20:24:17 2013
20:24 <+delcypher> testing
20:50 -!- Kris [5c1996f6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.92.25.150.246] has joined ##uuu
20:53 < Kris> delcypher: Good evening
20:57 <+delcypher> evening
20:58 < Kris> two minutes to go................................
20:59 <+delcypher> yup
20:59 <+delcypher> how's life being a Dad?
21:00 -!- gkmac [~gkmac@yellowdoor.plus.com] has joined ##uuu
21:00 <+delcypher> oh cool GK. I didn't realise you'd be joining us
21:00 <+delcypher> I guess I should tweak the agenda
21:00 < gkmac> Neither did I.
21:01 <+delcypher> In fact it's probably easier if you add the points you want to discuss
21:01 <+delcypher> https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/13XXxB6cQ3lwV8_AR_KugIRnWDKxLw3OEcXJ9tBkldi4/edit
21:02 < gkmac> Points 8 and 10 were exactly what I wanted to discuss.
21:02 < Kris> being a dad is exhausting!!!! This is a verry late night!
21:02 <+delcypher> Kris: Sorry!
21:02 <+delcypher> Damn it where is everyone! Everytime!
21:04 < Kris> LOL we should start at 21:10 even if its just the three of us we cant postpone annother meeting. Those that dont turn up can add there points late or forfit the the opertunity to make there oppinions heard, every ones had the oppertunity to add a to and eddit the agenda and the oppertunity to be here
21:05 <+delcypher> Yeah it's the first point. But we've definitely become too slack. It's something I'm definitely guilty off. I felt very burned out after BUC.
21:06 < Kris> True dat, we all have.
21:06 <+delcypher> Jason is around he's just figuring out how to join.
21:06 -!- Pecsfromhell [6d9dabf5@gateway/web/freenode/ip.109.157.171.245] has joined ##uuu
21:07 <+delcypher> Pecsfromhell: Are you Jason?
21:07 < Pecsfromhell> ...maybe
21:07 < Pecsfromhell> Yes
21:07 <+delcypher> your username could be taken either way :p
21:08 < Kris> Just added a comment to point 6 on the agenda
21:08 < Pecsfromhell> I'm excited
21:08 <+delcypher> Right I'm going to wait till 21:10 and then I'm gonna start
21:09 < gkmac> Jason, that quick shot of you at the beginning of "The Cycle Show" covered in red paint... that really did frighten me!
21:09 < Kris> Jason is scary without paint!
21:10 <+delcypher> Kris: I saw the comment
21:10 < Kris> 21:10 Lets do this!!!
21:10 < Pecsfromhell> gkmac, I'm glad you liked it
21:10 < Pecsfromhell> ;)
21:11 <+delcypher> Okay. Brendan's computer normally manages the minutes but he's not here and his bot isn't active so I will do this manually
21:11 <+delcypher> Can people just do the usual saying who they are?
21:11 <+delcypher> delcypher: Dan Liew - Secretary
21:12 -!- ##uuu You're not a channel operator
21:12 < gkmac> gkmac: Gavin MacGregor - webmaster
21:12 < Pecsfromhell> Jason Auld - Street Rep and Lover
21:12 < Kris> Kris Abraham Chairperson
21:13 -!- arfoll [~androirc@212.183.128.133] has joined ##uuu
21:13 < arfoll> Hey
21:13 < gkmac> Bonjour monsieur Brendan!
21:13 <+delcypher> hey how do I become channel operator again?
21:13 < arfoll> Im not late. Fashionable
21:13 < arfoll> Not sure. Did you identify?
21:13 <+delcypher> arfoll: I can't remember how to do it. Your bot used to do it automatically
21:13 <+delcypher> arfoll: yes
21:14 <+delcypher> we're short of time so I'll sort this out later
21:14 <+delcypher> #topic We've all got slack and need to be more active
21:14 < arfoll> Uhm sorry not sure
21:14 < arfoll> Is anyone here? Apaet from u?
21:15 < Kris> yes
21:15 < Pecsfromhell> I agree, very slack
21:15 <+delcypher> Jason, GK and Kris are here.
21:15 <+delcypher> I like most you probably felt pretty burned out after BUC but we really need to start doing stuff again.
21:15 < arfoll> Ah i
21:16 <+delcypher> We need to start having regular meetings again and be more active. Agreed?
21:16 < Kris> Agreed
21:16 < arfoll> Yes
21:16 < gkmac> Yes we should be having more regular meetings.
21:16 < Kris> Once a month?
21:16 <+delcypher> Kris: Yeah Once a month seems reasonable.
21:17 <+delcypher> I don't think we've had a meeting since BUC!
21:17 < Kris> no we havent
21:17 <+delcypher> Cool I'll try to arrange meetings once a week.
21:18 < Kris> ok agreed more meetings, should post an agenda as early as poaaible and try to iron out as much as we can on the agenda before actually having the meeting
21:18 < Pecsfromhell> Once a week seems ott
21:18 < Kris> one a week on your own fella
21:18 < arfoll> Lol
21:18 < Kris> :-)
21:18 -!- SimonBerry [518df474@gateway/web/freenode/ip.81.141.244.116] has joined ##uuu
21:18 <+delcypher> If I don't you guys need to kick me into organising it if I don't though. If someone had nagged me these last couple of months I would of organised something sooner.
21:18 < arfoll> I think weve always been less rhan once a week
21:19 <+delcypher> Pecsfromhell: I'd prefer not to have meetings every week. I think most of us don't have the time for it.
21:19 <+delcypher> SimonBerry: Hey Simon.
21:19 < gkmac> I certainly don't have the time, thanks to some rather strange working hours...
21:19 < Kris> delcypher: to be fair it shouldnt be down to you to instigate them all the time!
21:19 < arfoll> Btw soery im in weatherspoon slightly pissed
21:20 <+delcypher> arfoll: Oh you're on your phone... This meeting is going to be super professional ;)
21:20 < Kris> dont be soery
21:20 < Pecsfromhell> Fucks sake Brendan, just get out
21:20 < arfoll> Hell yeah. 4th pint so we shoukd be good
21:20 < Pecsfromhell> You'll be on the floor in a minute
21:20 <+delcypher> Okay let's try one meeting a month for now.
21:20 <+delcypher> Let's move on.
21:21 <+delcypher> #topic Preston Park Skate Park designs
21:21 < arfoll> No point too late yo respond
21:21 < Kris> I cant offer much assistance on this im afraid. not my area of expertees
21:21 <+delcypher> Right as some of you probably saw the UUU was contacted (by JUST) about a proposed Skate Park in Stockton.
21:22 <+delcypher> Jason, Simon and Brendan need to discuss the designs and make some helpful comment about the designs to the council regarding unicycling.
21:23 <+delcypher> For those interested the 4 designs are @ http://www.stockton.gov.uk/stocktoncouncil/consultations/currentconsultations/pparkskatepark/
21:23 < arfoll> No. We had to respond last week
21:23 < arfoll> So were too late
21:23 <+delcypher> Shit. We really need to get our act together!
21:23 < Kris> oops poor effort on our part!
21:24 < SimonBerry> yeah i'd leave it up to the people that would actually use the skatepark anyway. I'd rather the majority (bmxers and skaters) have a park they like than unicylists changing it :P
21:24 <+delcypher> Oh right next point then...
21:24 <+delcypher> #topic Bank account status
21:24 <+delcypher> I've partially filled in the forms but there seems to be a lot of confusion over this.
21:25 <+delcypher> Joe was under the impression that I would send the forms back to him, but I thought I was handing them to my local HSBC branch
21:25 < Kris> You need to go in to HSBC, not all the content of the forms needs to be filled in apparently?
21:26 <+delcypher> Also there were some telephone banking forms but you forgot to fill yours in Kris so I guess it will be just easier if we don't bother setting that up.
21:26 < Kris> You have to go to HSBC anyway to show your ID if they take the forms off you there and then BONUS!
21:26 < Kris> delcypher: who said that? HSBC?
21:27 <+delcypher> I said that. I looked through the forms and saw there were some telelphone banking forms and there were two blank forms. One for me and one for you ( I think).
21:27 < Kris> sorry got confused ther for a second read the wrong thing
21:27 < Kris> ye scrap telephone banking!
21:28 < Kris> i doubt we wil use it, its online banking we really want
21:28 <+delcypher> I'm also slightly confused about the internet banking too as our mandate states that we require at least two signatories BUT the internet banking form looks like it gives Joe control to do whatever he wants.
21:28 <+delcypher> But anyway, my plan is to go to my HSBC branch next week and have a chat with them about it. Hopefully we can FINALLY get it sorted!
21:29 < Kris> Apparently it doesant, you and i should get our own logins and be able to authorise payments one of the others instigates
21:29 <+delcypher> Anyway I just wanted to update everyone on what's happening? If anyone has any comments then please say now. Else I'll move on to another point.
21:29 <+delcypher> Kris: Okay, good to know.
21:29 < Kris> All this is according to My HSBC Chap
21:29 < Kris> Good good move on
21:30 <+delcypher> #topic Published 2013 AGM minutes
21:30 < arfoll> Wooo agm minutes. Nice
21:30 < Kris> Good Work, Minutes musrt be tediouse
21:30 <+delcypher> I finally got around to writing them up. It was one of the most boring few hours of my life.
21:31 <+delcypher> But they are at https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/1TEyJ5nf9USUYYnfG4Yepj_W-VaS9FN2keWH5ilvSD3c/edit
21:31 <+delcypher> If you wish to look at them
21:31 < Pecsfromhell> love to Dan for his hard work
21:31 <+delcypher> Sorry the link is https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TEyJ5nf9USUYYnfG4Yepj_W-VaS9FN2keWH5ilvSD3c/pub
21:31 < Kris> Sweet will read later,
21:31 < arfoll> I love dan anyways
21:31 < arfoll> Xxx
21:31 <+delcypher> The motivator for doing it is that HSBC need this document that says I took over from Sarah Miller
21:31 <+delcypher> arfoll: Love you too.
21:32 -!- Opposite [~AndChat30@188.29.164.40.threembb.co.uk] has joined ##uuu
21:32 < arfoll> Wooo
21:32 <+delcypher> Opposite: Hi, you are you?
21:32 < Opposite> uUU
21:32 < arfoll> Oh shit someone at the pub just joined
21:32 < Opposite> :)
21:32 <+delcypher> Opposite: no we are the UUU, and you are?
21:33 <+delcypher> arfoll: Smooth...
21:33 <+delcypher> Anyway next topic.
21:33 <+delcypher> #topic Liam McNally taking over as hockey rep
21:33 < arfoll> Next!
21:33 < Kris> does he have the google log in yet?
21:33 < arfoll> Yes liam roxx
21:33 <+delcypher> As you may of read from the e-mails Liam McNally has agreed to take over from Barry Gates. Barry is happy with this.
21:34 <+delcypher> Kris: There is a hockey rep account already but I've not given it Liam. I'll add it to my TODO list.
21:34 < Pecsfromhell> I'm disappointed in Barry Gates
21:34 < Kris> We should really vote on the matter to make it official!
21:35 < gkmac> Do we know if Barry Gates is still running http://www.unicycle-hockey.co.uk/ or is Liam McNally taking over that?
21:35 <+delcypher> Well the voting system is note available so we'll have to do it manually
21:35 < Kris> gkmac: no thats barrys baby
21:35 <+delcypher> gkmac: I do not know. I wanted to discuss that this meeting with Liam, but he couldn't make the meeting tonight.
21:35 < Pecsfromhell> Kris, I think it's inappropriate to call GK baby
21:36 < Kris> All those in favour of making liam the hockey rep say Agreed
21:36 -!- Opposite [~AndChat30@188.29.164.40.threembb.co.uk] has quit [Quit: Bye]
21:36 < SimonBerry> Agreed
21:36 <+delcypher> agreed.
21:36 < Pecsfromhell> Agreed
21:36 < gkmac> Agreed.
21:36 < SimonBerry> OOPILOo
21:36 < Pecsfromhell> oopiloo
21:36 < Kris> Agreed
21:36 -!- Opposite [~AndChat30@188.29.164.40.threembb.co.uk] has joined ##uuu
21:36 <+delcypher> SimonBerry: What does that even mean? Is it some sort of Voodoo inside joke?
21:37 < arfoll> Agreed
21:37 < Pecsfromhell> It's the new yolo
21:37 < arfoll> Is liam even here?
21:37 <+delcypher> but what does OOPILOO stand for?
21:37 < Kris> no
21:37 <+delcypher> arfoll: No Liam is not here. He couldn't make it tonight.
21:37 < Pecsfromhell> One Only Partakes In Life Once Ooooooh
21:38 < SimonBerry> but you need a comma in between once and ooooh
21:38 <+delcypher> Pecsfromhell: Oh so it's a sophisicated YOLO
21:38 < Pecsfromhell> We didn't invent it, only adopt it
21:38 < Kris> delcypher: ok all agreed, Move on
21:38 <+delcypher> Kris: yeah let's move on
21:38 <+delcypher> #topic Role of UUU regards to BUC. Are we the BUC committee?
21:39 <+delcypher> So what are people's thoughts
21:39 -!- James [569aa1b0@gateway/web/freenode/ip.86.154.161.176] has joined ##uuu
21:39 < Kris> Its a dirty job but somone has to do it, and no one else will
21:39 < Kris> although this isant our only role
21:39 -!- James is now known as Guest2847
21:40 < arfoll> Yes we should do it because otherwise we dont do much
21:40 < arfoll> See the old uuu comitee
21:40 -!- Guest2847 [569aa1b0@gateway/web/freenode/ip.86.154.161.176] has left ##uuu []
21:40 < Pecsfromhell> I think we organise BUC but I think we have to be more than that. Obviously right now that's our main purpose but I think we need to leave ourselves open to different roles if and when they arise
21:40 < arfoll> If someone else wants to though we should help them
21:41 < arfoll> Pecsfromhell++
21:41 < Kris> I think we should open discussion on the forum again regarding BUC 2014 to see if there are any takers we can assist in running it
21:42 <+delcypher> I agree with both those points. Although I do wish someone else would organise BUC. I didn't enjoy BUC2013 as much as other BUCs as I was running around all the time.
21:42 <+delcypher> Kris: It is a possibility but note one of the other things we are discussing tonight is disbanding the UUU forum!
21:42 < arfoll> Kris: really believe there will be?
21:42 < Pecsfromhell> I see what Dan's saying. I think it makes life 100 times easier if the people organising the event are those who are on site. Perhaps delegation makes the most sense
21:43 <+delcypher> Kris: Didn't you say NoFitState might be open to being the host for BUC2014?
21:43 < Kris> delcypher: next year should be more fluid, we should involve more people early on and give them specific roles and responibilitys before the event
21:43 < Kris> delcypher: yes need to speak with them again soon
21:43 < Pecsfromhell> I think reps should be in charge of running their events but not necessarily solely responsible for the entire organisation of their events
21:44 <+delcypher> Pecsfromhell: That was the idea for BUC2013 but it didn't really work out that way because we relied solely on NoFitState for course materials
21:44 < Kris> arfoll: No probably not but its worth a shot
21:45 < Pecsfromhell> Does anyone know what JUST's thoughts are? They hosted a great BUC and with the support of the reps, I think it could be an improvement
21:45 <+delcypher> Pecsfromhell: The trouble is you're in Scotland and Bredan/Simon aren't that close to Cardiff either so it makes it difficult to source materials in Cardiff.
21:46 <+delcypher> Pecsfromhell: I would have no problem with JUST holding the next one (we should ask them if they would be interested anyway) but I have a feeling the answer will be know. The 2010 BUC sounded like a lot of work for them and last time I spoke to them they didn't have as many volunters as they used to.
21:46 < Pecsfromhell> You're totally right Dan. Finding a solution could be difficult
21:47 < Pecsfromhell> Ah, I see. Well, it's worth asking I suppose
21:47 < Kris> Pecsfromhell: The main problem is funding. NFS have the site and initial funds JUST had to raise over 5K before holding there buc
21:48 <+delcypher> A lot of people seemed to like Cardiff as a venue though. I really like it. I've never been to a BUC in a city and I thought it worked great! You're 5 minutes a way from loads of shops and nice stuff to ride!
21:48 < arfoll> Yeah i liked it
21:48 < SimonBerry> central location was so good for food and riding etc
21:48 < Pecsfromhell> Kris: perhaps we should look into possible routes of funding then? This may be the answer to a few of our problems
21:48 < arfoll> Same thing this year would be fine
21:49 <+delcypher> It's also really close to Cardiff central train station so is easy to get to.
21:49 <+delcypher> So what shall we do? Shall we ask NoFitState if they'd be interested in hosting first?
21:50 <+delcypher> They'd probably want a vague date too which we need to think hard about.
21:50 < arfoll> Hardon
21:50 <+delcypher> arfoll: You have one?
21:51 -!- Jam__ [569aa1b0@gateway/web/freenode/ip.86.154.161.176] has joined ##uuu
21:51 < Kris> delcypher:  ok we should ask them about therew interest and then they can tell us what dates are available and we can pick a date from there? at the AGM peple weree expresing later in the year like early september
21:51 < arfoll> always wheb talking to you dan
21:52 < Kris> arfoll: delcypher this is worse that Jason and Edds Man Love!
21:52 < Pecsfromhell> Kris: Leave our man love out of this
21:52 <+delcypher> Kris: If you look at the minutes from the AGM people suggested quite a few dates
21:53 <+delcypher> Kris: A lot of people said we needed to avoid the exam periods.
21:53 < Kris> well maybe we should see what dates are available and then have a doodle pole?
21:53 <+delcypher> Kris: That sounds like a plan.
21:53 < Pecsfromhell> I think later in the year isn't ideal. Unless we can secure an indoor space for Street and Trials
21:53 < Kris> delcypher: yes definatly avoid exams and other juggeling conventions
21:54 < Jam__> Sorry I'm late! And yes, exams are the reason I couldn't make BUC this year.
21:54 <+delcypher> Okay can we agree to... Speak to NFS about hosting BUC again in 2014. If they say yes ask about possible dates and then hold an online poll so people can vote for dates so we get a rought idea of opinion?
21:55 < Kris> Pecsfromhell: do you follow NFS? they have just opend a new hall (old church) last year i was talking to them about holding hockey there. and street and tria;ls could be under an circus tent if it rains
21:55 < Pecsfromhell> Kris: sounds good
21:55 < Kris> delcypher: should i ring clare? Next week maybe and report back
21:56 <+delcypher> Are we agreed on what I just said or would people prefer to try something else?
21:56 < Kris> I Agree
21:56 < Jam__> I also agree
21:56 < Pecsfromhell> Aaaaaye. Agreed
21:57 < arfoll> Ayw
21:57 <+delcypher> SimonBerry: ???
21:57 <+delcypher> gkmac: ??
21:58 [Users ##uuu]
21:58 [+delcypher] [ gkmac] [ Kris   ] [ Opposite    ] [ SimonBerry] 
21:58 [ arfoll   ] [ Jam__] [ mowcius] [ Pecsfromhell] 
21:58 -!- Irssi: ##uuu: Total of 9 nicks [0 ops, 0 halfops, 1 voices, 8 normal]
21:58 < Pecsfromhell> gkmac is staring at a screen grab of me covered in paint
21:58 < SimonBerry> Agreed
21:58 < gkmac> Agreed - even though I wasn't at BUC...
21:59 <+delcypher> #topic Events Calendar!
21:59 <+delcypher> Okay so we have an events calendar but we are not making use of it!
21:59 < Kris> Because there isant much to add to it
21:59 <+delcypher> Events need to be added and we should be promoting up comming events (like Unicon, Ride the lights, EUC) on FB/Twitter
22:00 <+delcypher> Kris: There's been lots of stuff recently actually. We're just really lame!
22:00 < Kris> delcypher: true its back to point 1 SLACKING
22:00 <+delcypher> delcypher: For example I recently went to "Tarty Days" with my Uni with Sam Lyonns. It was awesome but there weren't any other unicyclists!
22:01 <+delcypher> Before this I had never been to trials park before so it was great :D (apart from the rain and the blisters I got on my hand).
22:01  * gkmac wonders how many unicyclists there are called "Sam"
22:02 < Pecsfromhell> gkmac: At least two
22:02 <+delcypher> I hate to nag people but it is really disciplines reps job to know about these sort of events, add it to the calendar and promote them on our FB/twitter account.
22:03 < Kris> we should definatly be doing more to promote rides and events but the whole comitee needs to get involved and emerse them selfs in this if its going to work
22:03 <+delcypher> I've been trying to add events but usually I find out about events AFTER they've happened!
22:04 < Pecsfromhell> delcypher: That's all well and good but what qualifies as an event of interest to a Street rider or a Flat rider? Tarty Days is clearly Trials but if there was a Street BMX ride somewhere, I'm not sure that would be as relevant or important for Street Unicyclists
22:04 < Kris> ok maybe we should instigate opperation nagg. if we here about an event Nag the reps to addit to the calenda and facebook so people get the hang of it and start doing it automaticly
22:04 <+delcypher> Tarty Days was streety too. Danny Macaskill was there! There was a half pipe and foam pit too :D
22:05 < gkmac> I thought the calendar was for all types of events...
22:05 < Kris> gkmac: it is
22:06 < gkmac> I meant that the calendar doesn't discriminate between street, flat, trials, road, muni etc etc
22:06 < Pecsfromhell> Danny Macaskill plus half pipe does not = Street Unicycling. I think potentially you could add a number of events to this calendar, it's very vague, so putting responsibility on certain peoples' shoulder's seems unfair
22:06 <+delcypher> gkmac: Yes the calendar is for any sort of unicycle events. But Kris and I do not need ANOTHER job to do. Discipline reps seem like the people who should be adding events most of the time. That doesn't stop anyone else on the committee doing so.
22:07 < Kris> Pecsfromhell: there responsibillity is on all our sholders, but people need to start taking the initiative and add events. im happy to add any type of event as should all the comitte
22:07 <+delcypher> Pecsfromhell: You could get very formal about adding events but I think it's really straight forward.
22:08 <+delcypher> 1. You hear about a unicycle event
22:08 <+delcypher> 2. You see if it's already on the calendar. If not add it!
22:08 <+delcypher> 3. If the event is in your discipline promote it
22:08 < Pecsfromhell> I personally wouldn't have added Tarty Days to the calendar. If we're talking about events of interest, that could be almost anything and therefore events will always be missed. I would say there have been no events worthy of being added to a "Street Unicycling Event Calendar"
22:09 <+delcypher> Pecsfromhell: Surely EUC counts as a "Street unicycling" worthy event !?
22:09 < SimonBerry> I understand how the calendar works and what to add but the reality is that there aren't any flatland events :P
22:09 < Pecsfromhell> I was thinking within the UK. If we're stretching this out worldwide then things like Tarty Days will definitely fly under the radar
22:10 <+delcypher> Well I was thinking mostly UK too, but there are some major worldwide events we ought to mention to unicyclists in the UK like Unicon, EUC, NAUCC
22:11 < Kris> i think the calender should have as much content as possible then people will view it. they can decide from there wether or not the event is of interest to them
22:11 < Pecsfromhell> I agree that we should promote the use of the calendar but perhaps we should promote it amongst all riders and not just amongst the committee. That would be the most efficient way to fill it
22:11 < Pecsfromhell> It seems like a tool to be used, rather than a responsibility to be maintained
22:12 < gkmac> Agree with Pecsfromhell about "calendar for all riders"
22:12 < arfoll> Yes we need to do it but i still worry
22:12 <+delcypher> Pecsfromhell: The trouble is it simply isn't setup to work that way at the moment. Only the committee really have access.
22:12 < arfoll> Aboit how official events have to be
22:12 <+delcypher> arfoll: someone drunk now??
22:13 <+delcypher> gkmac: It would be nice if we could have a system for events that anyone could edit but Google calendar really doesn't work that way.
22:14 < arfoll> Well yes but can we add for example london rides on there?
22:14 < arfoll> I worry people might turn up with big expectations
22:14 < Kris> arfoll: Yes i thinkso provided the person who organises the ride wants it public
22:14 <+delcypher> arfoll: Hmm I guess this goes back to what Jason said that what goes in/doesn't go in the calendar is kind of vague
22:14 < Pecsfromhell> I agree with what arfoll is trying to say
22:15 < Kris> You can make it clear in the calender what the event is, casual friendly meet ect
22:15 <+delcypher> arfoll: I'm quite happy for london rides to go on the list. The more people the better.
22:16 < arfoll> Uhm ok can we have like an unofficial tag or something?
22:17 <+delcypher> Pecsfromhell: Would it be helpful if I wrote up a set of conditions for an event to be added to the calendar? That would remove the vagueness but I feel this would be a waste of my time because I doubt anyone would read it.
22:18 < Pecsfromhell> Yeah, I think that would be a waste of time. Just let anyone add any event, I think that will remove confusion and keep it easy going
22:18 < arfoll> Well lets jsut do it
22:18 < Pecsfromhell> It will encourage people just to add any event, rather than think twice before they add it. The UK scene is so small, we could do with as many opportunities to ride together as possible
22:18 < arfoll> And well see if anyone gets dissapointed nd laufh at them
22:18 <+delcypher> by anyone do mean anyone in the committee or any unicyclist?
22:19 < arfoll> Committee
22:19 <+delcypher> Pecsfromhell: I'd rather it was just the committee because it means we don't need to do any work setting up a new system because it already works. It just needs content!
22:20 < Kris> committee but if anyone notifys us of an event we can add it for them, maybe a note on the event page telling people to email us there events would be handy?
22:20 < Pecsfromhell> That's fine by me but I think if that is the case, we have to accept that the amount of content will be less
22:20 -!- Opposite [~AndChat30@188.29.164.40.threembb.co.uk] has left ##uuu ["Leaving"]
22:20 <+delcypher> Kris: It is also possible to give a person ownership of an event if they have a google account.
22:20 <+delcypher> Kris: So we can create the event for them but they can edit its details if they want to.
22:21 < Kris> delcypher: cool sounds good.
22:21 < Kris> I think wev coverd anough ground on this now
22:21 <+delcypher> So can we agree that...
22:22 <+delcypher> 1. We will continue to use the current calendar system
22:22 < arfoll> Yes
22:22 <+delcypher> 2. If any committee member is aware of a relevant unicycle event they should add it to the calendar. The focus is more on the discipline reps doing this though
22:22 < Kris> Agreed
22:23 < gkmac> Agreed on both points
22:23 < Jam__> Agree.
22:23 < Pecsfromhell> Agreed
22:23 <+delcypher> 3. Any committee member (but again it should be the discipline reps doing this!) should post about events on FB/Twitter account promoting them.
22:23 < Kris> Agreed
22:24 < Kris> Agreed to all Three Points
22:24 < Jam__> Agree to all 3.
22:25 < gkmac> Agree to all 3.
22:25 < SimonBerry> Agree also to all
22:25 <+delcypher> 3. To clarify (although it's pretty obvious) that you would promote events you're interested in :P
22:25 <+delcypher> agree
22:25 <+delcypher> I put together a guide on using the calendar ages ago... https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/1vyqxIBfrx557zXwEkq9MI6lEg5k8ncTY1q_MdCJ_sDM/edit
22:25 <+delcypher> if anyone isn't sure how to use it.
22:25 <+delcypher> anyway moving on...
22:26 <+delcypher> #topic disbanding the UUU forum
22:26 < Kris> I am totaly against the idea of shutting down the forum, i found the unicycle community through the forum. and there is acctivity there slow yes but activity none the less. I know its allot of work to upkeep but presonally i would like to see it kept.
22:26 <+delcypher> There were e-mails flying around about this at the beginning of August. Gavin is concerned that the UUU forum does not see enough use to justify him spending time maintaining it.
22:27 <+delcypher> gkmac: Care to weigh in?
22:27 < Kris> gkmac: how much time does it take up?
22:27 < gkmac> Well the forum has always been a bit slow but it really has crawled to a stop over the past few months.
22:28 < gkmac> An update to phpBB is due any week now, and each update takes an hour or two to put together.
22:28 < arfoll> Forum sucks. Close it. Anyways im out
22:28 < gkmac> If major unicycling events such as BUC and King Of The Road can happen without the forum at all, what's the point?
22:29 < Kris> 5 events posted in august and 4 new unicycle discussions? not stoped!
22:29 < gkmac> And why are people only using the forum to say things like "join us on Facebook for more"?
22:29 <+delcypher> Kris: People can always use unicyclist.com instead if the UUU forum does close. Right now it seems like we're making GK's life unnecessarily difficult.
22:29 < gkmac> An example: http://www.unicycle.org.uk/forum/viewtopic.php?f=2&t=1206
22:29 < gkmac> Only about three people are checking in every 24 hours.
22:30 < Kris> gkmac: how much of your time does it take up?
22:30 <+delcypher> I mean there is the potential to get the forum running again but as it was pointed out at the UUU AGM. The committee themselves need to use the forum and encourage others to use it if there is any hope of it ever being active again.
22:31 < gkmac> As I just mentioned, an upgrade is due which takes an hour or two to put together. That will seem like wasted effort.
22:31 <+delcypher> I am very guilty of not using the forum. It's the Google+ problem. I don't use it because no one else seems to use it.
22:31 < gkmac> As for daily maintenance, a total of about 20 minutes a day which can get exponentially longer if spam is posted.
22:31 < SimonBerry> Yeah I see no use for it
22:32 < Pecsfromhell> I must admit, I never use it
22:32 < SimonBerry> SOME people use it, but there's unicyclist.com with way more people if they want it
22:32 < Pecsfromhell> and if I do, it's because I feel I should
22:32 < Kris> gkmac: ok to be fair that does sound excessive
22:32 < Kris> BRB
22:33 < gkmac> unicyclist.com is more suitable for "technical" things like unicycle maintenance and repair, for an international audience.
22:33 <+delcypher> gkmac: I don't know if you know but at the UUU AGM we said we (as the committee) would try to use the forum more (Roger seemed very keen that it continued to exist) but we've kind of failed at that.
22:34 < gkmac> Well the forum won't disappear for at least a month, since I need to find a way to preserve the club listings and riding spots.
22:34 < gkmac> ...as well as the accounts people used to post them.
22:34 -!- arfoll [~androirc@212.183.128.133] has quit [Quit: AndroIRC - Android IRC Client ( http://www.androirc.com )]
22:35 <+delcypher> Hmm I think we're running out of time
22:35 <+delcypher> Kris: Should we put this to a vote?
22:35 < gkmac> Kris said "BRB", he isn't back yet.
22:35 <+delcypher> oh yeah...
22:35 < Kris> Im back
22:36 < Kris> Umm maybe
22:36 < Kris> perhaps we should post to the forum explaning our intent to close it
22:36 < gkmac> We should vote on this, as I personally think it's run out of steam.
22:36 < gkmac> ...but I don't know what other people think.
22:36 <+delcypher> We need to make some sort of decision.
22:37 <+delcypher> But perhaps that isn't a bad idea Kris.
22:37 < Kris> dependig on how many responses we get will help us decide?
22:37 < Kris> it might instigat alot more use
22:37 <+delcypher> If we make a post on the forums saying we intend to close the forums and also link to it on FB/Twitter we can guage the reaction.
22:37 < gkmac> We could post on the forum explaining our intent to close it, but if hardly anyone uses the forum then no-one will see that notice...
22:38 < Kris> exactly then they cant complain when we do close it
22:38 <+delcypher> gkmac: See above, we could post a link to the post on FB/Twitter too saying if people want it to stay open they need to tell us.
22:38 < gkmac> Good idea. Perhaps we need to draft some kind of "use it or lose it" announcement together...
22:39 < Kris> yep coll do it in google docs and then every one can eddit it
22:39 <+delcypher> gkmac: Sounds good. We can do that via e-mail during the week.
22:39 < Kris> or email just as good
22:39 <+delcypher> Kris: Good idea! Why didn't I think of that.
22:40 < gkmac> Okay, I'll try and think of some words...
22:40 < Kris> OK Agreed on that?
22:40 < Pecsfromhell> Agreed
22:40 < gkmac> Agreed we should draft an announcement "asking" if people still want the forums.
22:40 <+delcypher> Okay I've made a document that we can work on.
22:40 <+delcypher> https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/1fQZPD8QS79aYk0pWUFP_7r6X7wjFepLwMLtEk7ipaHk/edit?usp=sharing
22:40 <+delcypher> I'll e-mail the link to the committee e-mail address too.
22:41 < Kris> Sorry Guys im gonna have to call it a night, Babies dont comply with GMT
22:42 <+delcypher> Kris: Lol
22:42 < Kris> I feel like we have made progress on some good points tonight though!
22:42 <+delcypher> Perhpas we should call it a night? We're all tired and we've been going for more than an hour.
22:42 < SimonBerry> I agree
22:43 < Kris> Next meeting end of september? but check emails as usuall before then
22:43 < gkmac> Agreed it's 22:45 now, a quarter to eleven for those using 12 hour clocks...
22:43 <+delcypher> gkmac: You happy if we talk about the other website issues at the next meeting
22:43 < SimonBerry> Yeah. I'm gonna leave now anyway, I've eaten 6 packets of pom bears today and I need to exercise them off
22:44 < SimonBerry> #OOPILOO #THUGLIFE
22:44 <+delcypher> Okay all agreed. Thanks for turning up.
22:44 < gkmac> Yes, I did have something to say about point 10. But that can probably wait.
22:44 < Pecsfromhell> same
22:44 <+delcypher> Okay cool meeting ajourned then.
22:44 < Kris> Peace out
22:44 -!- Pecsfromhell [6d9dabf5@gateway/web/freenode/ip.109.157.171.245] has quit [Quit: Page closed]
22:44 <+delcypher> Might go ride...
22:44 -!- SimonBerry [518df474@gateway/web/freenode/ip.81.141.244.116] has quit [Quit: Page closed]
22:44 -!- Kris [5c1996f6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.92.25.150.246] has quit [Quit: Page closed]
22:44 -!- gkmac [~gkmac@yellowdoor.plus.com] has quit [Quit: Konversation terminated!]
--- Log closed Fri Aug 30 22:45:04 2013
