<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html><head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
<title>##uuu log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">20:10:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">Committee members identify themselves</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">20:10:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Meeting started Sun Feb 10 20:10:40 2013 UTC.  The chair is delcypher. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">20:10:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #info #idea #link #topic #startvote.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">20:10:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to 'committee_members_identify_themselves'
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">20:10:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i'm trying to get jason to join on his smartphone
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">20:10:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher is Dan Liew - Secretary</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">20:11:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">arfoll is Brendan Le Foll - Trials Rep</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">20:11:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Could committee members identify themselves like I just did?
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">20:11:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe____:</span> Hi Joe we've just started
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">20:11:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> soz im late!
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">20:11:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">joe____ is Joe Baxter - Treasurer/ Muni rep</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">20:11:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">krischairperson is Kris Abraham</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">20:12:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerryFlatla&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">SimonBerryFlatland is Simon Berry, Flatland Rep</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">20:12:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Road representative</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">20:12:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> Before we start can i just say, Its brilliant that we have two potential road reps, it will be very difficult for us to make a decision as to who should be the representative and would like to thank both James and Andrew for showing a interest but we must chose one. However I hope whoever is not successful this evening is not discouraged from playing a active role in the UUU in future, the more active members we have the better i
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">20:13:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> hi Jasonissostreet
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">20:13:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jasonissostreet&gt;</span> Have I arrived?
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">20:13:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Jasonissostreet:</span> yes
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">20:13:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">As agreed last time we decided to reach out to the unicycle committee to ask someone to stand for road representative. We have two candidates, Andrew Lenden &amp; James Sandercock. Thanks for coming along guys.</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">20:13:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jasonissostreet&gt;</span> Amazing, thanks for the help brendan
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">20:13:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> no problem
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">20:14:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Earlier on AndrewLenden_ wanted to know if we'd consider having both James &amp; Andrew share the road rep role instead of voting seeing as they're both so keen.
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">20:14:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> How do others feel?
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">20:14:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> Are you saying that I bothered to make a voting system on izqit just so that they could *share*?
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">20:14:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> ARGH!
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">20:15:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Lol. We still need it anyway
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">20:15:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> LOL
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">20:15:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> I like the idea and see no reason why not "the more active members we have the better it is for UK Unicycling."
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">20:15:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> i dont think they should share the role sorry
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">20:15:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AndrewLenden_&gt;</span> Does James agree this is ok?
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">20:15:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jam__&gt;</span> I'd be up for that! Can't think of any downsides of having two of us...
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">20:16:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe____:</span> why not any down sides?
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">20:16:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> all joking aside, I'm gonna abstain cause I actually don't care either way
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">20:16:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jasonissostreet&gt;</span> I'm ok with it
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">20:16:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> as long as progress is made, I'm happy with anything too
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">20:16:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> makes no difference to me really, but the whole point of having a rep if to have one point of contact.
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">20:16:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerryFlatla&gt;</span> I concur
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">20:17:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AndrewLenden_:</span> Personally I'm not that keen to have two people holding the role because it makes more work for me. If AndrewLenden_ &amp; Jam__ communicate well with each other though it could work fine.
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">20:17:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> actually i kind of agree with joe____, one point, also our 'decision' process is already pretty slow...
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">20:17:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerryFlatla&gt;</span> Well is one of them happy to let the other take more of an in depth role? So they would be tbe point of contact, but both of them could discuss things etc
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">20:17:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> does the role really require two people? just thinking out loud really. ho do you contact. both of them?
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">20:18:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> We're slower than Star Wars Episodes II's plot
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">20:18:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerryFlatla:</span> tbh any member of uuu is welcome to discuss things...
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">20:18:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> SHALL WE VOTE ON IT?
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">20:18:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> wait
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">20:18:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe____:</span> I can sort out the e-mail side of it, the e-mails could be sent to both.
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">20:18:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> what do the two have to offer?
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">20:18:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> if we have to vote
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">20:19:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startvote </span><span class="cmdline">Should Andrew Lenden and James Sandercock share the roll? yes no abstain</span>
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">20:19:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Begin voting on: Should Andrew Lenden and James Sandercock share the roll? Valid vote options are yes, abstain, no.
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">20:19:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Vote using '#vote OPTION'. Only your last vote counts.
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">20:19:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Okay guys I've switched on our new voting system (thanks brendan). You just need to type "#vote &lt;answer&gt;"
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">20:19:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> to abstain you just don't vote ;-)
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">20:19:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#vote </span><span class="cmdline">no</span>
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">20:19:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Doh!
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">20:19:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#vote </span><span class="cmdline">yes</span>
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">20:19:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#showvote</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">20:19:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> yes (1): delcypher
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">20:19:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> no (1): joe____
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">20:19:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Jasonissostreet:</span> 20:19 &lt;@izqit&gt; Begin voting on: Should Andrew Lenden and James Sandercock share the roll? Valid vote options are yes, abstain, no.
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">20:19:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> 20:19 &lt;@izqit&gt; Vote using '#vote OPTION'. Only your last vote counts.
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">20:20:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#vote </span><span class="cmdline">no</span>
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">20:20:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#showvote</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">20:20:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> yes (1): delcypher
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">20:20:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> no (2): joe____, arfoll
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">20:20:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#vote </span><span class="cmdline">yes</span>
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">20:20:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#showvote</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">20:20:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> yes (2): krischairperson, delcypher
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">20:20:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> no (2): joe____, arfoll
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">20:20:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Foobar.... it's down to Simon and Jason
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">20:21:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerryFlatla:</span> Are you there?
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">20:21:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> SimonBerryFlatla:
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">20:21:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Jasonissostreet:</span> Are you there?
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">20:21:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#vote </span><span class="cmdline">abstain</span>
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">20:21:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jasonissostreet&gt;</span> Yes
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">20:21:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerryFlatla&gt;</span> Yeah I'm here. Will abstaining throw too much of a spanner in the works?
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">20:21:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerryFlatla:</span> its fine as long as Jas votes
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">20:22:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerryFlatla&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Vote </span><span class="cmdline">abstain</span>
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">20:22:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Jasonissostreet:</span> Please vote on whether or not Andrew and James can share the role. With #vote yes or #vote no
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">20:22:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Jasonissostreet:</span> did you get that? we're voting on wether to share the road rep role, ues '#vote yes' or '#vote no'
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">20:22:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#showvote</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">20:22:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> yes (2): krischairperson, delcypher
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">20:22:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> abstain (2): SimonBerryFlatla, CJCrates
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">20:22:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> no (2): joe____, arfoll
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">20:22:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jasonissostreet&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#vote </span><span class="cmdline">yes</span>
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">20:22:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#showvote</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">20:22:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> yes (3): Jasonissostreet, krischairperson, delcypher
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">20:22:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> abstain (2): SimonBerryFlatla, CJCrates
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">20:22:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> no (2): joe____, arfoll
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">20:22:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endvote</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">20:22:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Voted on "Should Andrew Lenden and James Sandercock share the roll?" Results are
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">20:22:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> yes (3): Jasonissostreet, krischairperson, delcypher
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">20:22:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> abstain (2): SimonBerryFlatla, CJCrates
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">20:22:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> no (2): joe____, arfoll
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">20:23:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> cool, well thats over
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">20:23:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> phew
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">20:23:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Okay looks like that's sorted.
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">20:23:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> great test-run methinks :D
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">20:23:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> I would still like to hear the statements from andrew and james though?
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">20:23:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">krischairperson:</span> no, we need to speed up the meeting!
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">20:23:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> they can introduce themselves on the forums...
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">20:23:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> far enough
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">20:24:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> They have prepared statements. They could post them quickly now.
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">20:24:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AndrewLenden_:</span> Could you paste your prepared statement?
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">20:24:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Jam__:</span> Could you paste your prepared statement?
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">20:24:34 </span><span class="nka">* arfoll</span> <span class="ac">grumbles... he wants to talk about BUC!</span>
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">20:24:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> but go on, lets roll
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">20:25:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AndrewLenden_&gt;</span> I would like to be considered for the post of road unicycling representative. I am 38 and have been unicycling for five years and own unis in most popular sizes from 16" through to 36" I have engineered an underslung disc mount and crank mounted disc for my 36. and am currently building a 26" geared jackshaft unicycle. I live in North Wales and unicycle alone and with family on bikes but am keen this year to get involved in some o
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">20:25:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jam__&gt;</span> Hi all, I’m James Sandercock. I am currently studying my first year of A levels. Road unicycling is my main form of transport. Road unicycling is important to me because it allows me to go outside and see things that I wouldn’t see in a car or perhaps on a bike. It is also important to me because of how it allows me to meet and talk to other people (ok, they’re mostly cyclists who I only speak to for  10 minutes at the most) and it
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">20:25:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">AndrewLenden_ &amp; Jam__ will share the road rep role</span>
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">20:25:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Thanks guys.
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">20:26:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> how come these statements weren't put forward before the vote?
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">20:26:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> freenode spam restrictions just cut those statements
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">20:26:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AndrewLenden_:</span> Jam__ Congratulations on becoming Road Representatives for the Union of Uk Unicyclists
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">20:26:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> this is all backwards guys
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">20:26:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AndrewLenden_&gt;</span> Looks like a problem with length of statements. post on forum later?
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">20:26:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CJCrates:</span> They were supposed to be given to me before the meeting but I don't think they were ready in time.
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">20:27:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AndrewLenden_:</span> good idea
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">20:27:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AndrewLenden_:</span> Yes please post on the forum later.
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">20:27:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AndrewLenden_:</span> i think there is a flood limit on IRC/freenode so your statements will have gotten cut to soemthing like 4096 chars
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">20:27:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> it's kinda changed my mind about the voting, but ALAS!
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">20:27:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> anyways move on
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">20:27:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher will contact AndrewLenden_ &amp; Jam__ about UUU e-mail login after the meeting.</span>
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">20:27:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Okay let's move on BUC!
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">20:27:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">20:28:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">BUC: Make contact with Emer from No Fit State</span>
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">20:28:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jasonissostreet&gt;</span> BUC ftw
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">20:28:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">krischairperson:</span> Have you managed to make contact with her at all?
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">20:28:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> at the moment i dont know if i will actually be able to attend BUC, theres a good chance ill be in singapore
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">20:29:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe____:</span> That's a shame, but no reason not to help us organise some of it right?
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">20:29:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> oh yeah for sure mate
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">20:29:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> she starts working there tomorrow
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">20:29:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> so no not yet but will contact her this week
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">20:29:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> cool - NEXTT TOPIC
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">20:29:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> im hoping i can make it, but like i say there is a good chance ill be travelling. No reason not to help organising anything though.. theres loads to do
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">20:30:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Progress report gaining control of UUU bank account</span>
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">20:30:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> jee the bane of my life atm
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">20:30:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> HSBC fucked up basicly
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">20:30:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Oops. I'll need to fix the minutes later.
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">20:31:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> I had a call from HSBC apparently the paper work is waiting for me will go in tomorrow to signe it
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">20:31:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe____:</span> Yeah I heard. krischairperson said that HSBC got in contact with him recently.
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">20:31:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> Janice who i have been dealing with up here, who sent the documents which require signing to Kris' HSBC branch couldnt get in contact with them
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">20:31:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> they actually appologised for there incompatence
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">20:31:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">krischairperson has finally been contacted (after HSBC cock-up). He will sign tomorrow and then get the paperwork passed on to delcypher.</span>
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">20:31:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> any way will sign it tomorrow and have it sent to you
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">20:32:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe____:</span> Am I right in remembering that the paperwork needs to be passed to Sarah Miller too?
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">20:33:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> yes sarah will be the last person to sign off the consitution
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">20:33:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe____:</span> ok.
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">20:33:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> that will pass control over to Kris Dan and me
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">20:33:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Sarah Miller will also need to be contacted by HSBC regarding transfer.</span>
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">20:34:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Putting together a fund for BUC</span>
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">20:34:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher e-mailed the committee members asking for £50 to put into a temporary bank account (whilst the main one is being sorted) to pay for sport hall hire and other BUC things</span>
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">20:34:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">So far delcypher and krischairperson have paid putting the pot at £100</span>
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">20:35:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> can i request not putting £50 in as i dont think ill make it.
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">20:35:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe____:</span> That's fair enough.
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">20:36:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i will pay by this evening - unless you'd rather I -50 your debt? (i'm trying to get that sorted tonight)
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">20:36:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> i will cough up if youre desperate for it
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">20:36:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerryFlatla:</span> are you willing to buy your BUC ticket now @ £50?
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">20:36:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerryFlatla&gt;</span> I will pay when I have £50 to pay with...
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">20:36:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Jasonissostreet:</span> are you willing to buy your BUC ticket now @ £50?
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">20:36:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerryFlatla&gt;</span> But yeah i'm happy to do it in advance
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">20:37:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> I'll put £50 in on your behalf brendan, subtract that from what i owe you.
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">20:37:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> when does the money need to be in to secure the hall?
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">20:37:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> cool. then oi've paid ;-)
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">20:37:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe____:</span> ASAP so we can announce BUC
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">20:37:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jasonissostreet&gt;</span> I'll try my best but I'm broke at the moment
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">20:37:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">arfoll has paid putting the pot at £150</span>
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">20:38:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> and we need £350?
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">20:38:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> any news from alan hogan?
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">20:38:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">krischairperson:</span> I've not heard from him.
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">20:38:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AndrewLenden_:</span> are you thinking of attending BUC?
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">20:38:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Jam__:</span> are you thinking of attending BUC?
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">20:39:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jam__&gt;</span> I'll try, when/where is it going to be?
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">20:39:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> Brittish Unicycle Convention 25th &amp; 26th of may cardiff
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">20:39:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe____:</span> Thanks for offering. We'll see if we can get enough money from committee members. If you don't go I'm sure we can reimburse you.
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">20:39:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AndrewLenden_&gt;</span> No I can't make it this time.
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">20:39:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AndrewLenden_:</span> no problem
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">20:40:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> well if Jas or Simon cant pay for a while we will be short
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">20:40:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> keep me posted
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">20:41:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> is gavin going to pay as well?
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">20:41:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> we have 3x50 and we are 5x50 short correct?
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">20:41:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jam__&gt;</span> Should be able to go, providing I can get transport there.
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">20:42:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> 4.5x£50
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">20:42:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">krischairperson:</span> how much do we need?
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">20:42:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> 375
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">20:42:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> £
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">20:42:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> So we need £225 (375 - 150)
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">20:43:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> ok so if jas, simon, gav pay we are still short
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">20:43:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> so we really actually need Jam__ to pay as well and we'd have to advance 25 quid from someone
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">20:43:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jam__&gt;</span> I'll pay if/when I can.
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">20:44:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> To get things moving faster if we don't have the money we need by next weekend I'm willing to pay for shortfall but the UUU must promise to pay me back.
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">20:44:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jam__&gt;</span> Which should be soon.
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">20:44:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Jam__:</span> Are you happy to pay £50?
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">20:44:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> jam just offerd when he has funds
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">20:45:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> im sure someone said if all the committee members paid there would be £450?
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">20:45:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> alan hogan? hockey rep?
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">20:45:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> this isnt going to work guys. 'When I get funds' could be any time from now
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">20:46:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jasonissostreet&gt;</span> Sadly, I'm not in a position to pay £50 right now, I'm really very sorry but paying for food comes first
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">20:46:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe____:</span> When I made that calculation I assumed that every committee member (at that time 9) would pay.
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">20:46:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">samgoodburn:</span> Hi sam.
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">20:46:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> works in theory Dan
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">20:47:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">samgoodburn:</span> We're discussing putting money up front for hall hire for BUC.
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">20:47:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">samgoodburn:</span> hi sam
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">20:47:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> Hi Dan
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">20:47:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">samgoodburn:</span> Would you be willing to pay £50 (very soon) to the committee BUC money pot?
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">20:47:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> Okay so my thoughts on this: I am most likely not going to e attending BUC
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">20:48:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> so over half the comittee can't pay... that probably explains previous BUC failures...
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">20:48:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">samgoodburn:</span> Oh... which means you won't be wanting to pay £50 to attend :(
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">20:48:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> but I would be willing to lend £100 to make it up to 500 if I could get it back after BUC.
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">20:48:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> is anyone going to BUC? Just me dan brendan and Jam?
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">20:49:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I'm also willing to lend the UUU money to make up the shortfall provided the UUU pay me back.
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">20:49:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jasonissostreet&gt;</span> Why not start selling tickets, this is how it's been done in the past
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">20:49:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">samgoodburn:</span> how come your not going?
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">20:49:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> I'm going to be touring with a circus
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">20:49:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Jasonissostreet:</span> we have no platform to sell tickets from
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">20:49:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jam__&gt;</span> If we pay the £50 now, would we still have to pay to get in? Or is that included in the £50?
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">20:49:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Jam__:</span> no, that would be your ticket
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">20:49:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Jasonissostreet:</span> I'm not really happy selling tickets until we've got a few more things sorted.
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">20:50:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Jasonissostreet:</span> but we are sort of we'r trying to sell them to the commitee
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">20:51:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> cant sell tickets until venue is confirmed. cants confirm venue until we have money from ticket sales
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">20:51:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Well it looks like at the moment the shortfall is £175 ( 375 - (150 +50) ) which can be split up amongst Joe, Sam and me.
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">20:52:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> you can add me to the list
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">20:52:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I think that might have to do for now. Putting my money into this gives me even more incentive to not have things screw up.
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">20:52:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> selling tickets means annoucning the BUC and if something falls through we'd have to publicily cancel it and hand back money. If we had things booked before asking people for their money they're more likelt to part with it in my opinino...
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">20:52:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> my only idea is to speak to either sarah miller or JUST to see if there is any money in a pot from pervious BUC to help with this situation?
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">20:52:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe____:</span> well how much is in that bank account?
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">20:53:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> IIRC there was a float for pervious BUCs
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">20:53:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe____:</span> Well the UUU's bank account is for that. There's supposed to be between £100-£500 in there I think...
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">20:53:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> buc 17 was a big sucsess, they got cheap things with their schemes up in the north and got a great turn out
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">20:53:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> as for the amount in the account, im not sure. Ive only been told 'not much'
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">20:54:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jasonissostreet&gt;</span> I think we could put our heads together and think of some fundraising ideas
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">20:54:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> i dont have any access to the account though
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">20:54:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> ok alright, can we action joe to find out
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">20:54:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">20:54:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Action joe to find out what?
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">20:55:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">joe____ how much money is 'not much' and is there any spare avaialble from JUST</span>
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">20:55:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> exectly what is in the UUU account and ask Sarah Miller and/or JUST if there is any money left over from pervious BUCs
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">20:55:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">There is a £175 shortfall for hall hire (including payment from James). arfoll delcypher joe____ samgoodburn have said they are happy to pay for the shortfall provided they are paid back</span>
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">20:56:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Jasonissostreet and SimonBerryFlatla are not sure if they can pay for BUC right now</span>
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">20:56:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">joe____ will speak to Sarah Miller/JUST asking if there is any money left over from previous BUCs</span>
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">20:56:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> okay let's move on.
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">20:56:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">sports hall for hockey</span>
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">20:56:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">krischairperson:</span> So which hall have you picked?
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">20:57:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> CAVC Cardiff and Vale Collage, the one Jakub sent pics of over FB
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">20:57:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> its the only on e tht said yes
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">20:58:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> 25mins bus ride from NFS but its almost door to door
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">20:58:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> oh right then. Did CAVC say when they would need the money by? Can't we just pay a deposit rather than the whole thing?
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">20:59:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> Hmm i will check on that i think we possibly could but would need the money ASAP maybe i could offer to pay £150 now and the rest in a mointh once wev sold a few tickets
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">20:59:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">samgoodburn:</span> Sorry, congratulations by the way. When are you going to start touring?
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">20:59:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> at the beginning of march :)
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">20:59:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">samgoodburn:</span> Does that mean we need to find ourselves a new freestyle rep :(
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">21:00:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> not sure, if you think they need to be active at 2013 event then maybe
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">21:00:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> but I can't think of anyone ;)
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">21:00:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> emily johnston?
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">21:01:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> she doesn't currently own a unicycle
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">21:01:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i think we could bully her into running the freestyle
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">21:01:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">krischairperson:</span> Possibly. I don't want you having to pay for a whole load all by yourself though just incase BUC falls through. I'd be happier if we all lost a small amount of money instead of you loosing a lot.
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">21:01:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">krischairperson:</span> If all else fails... hold a hockey tournament :p
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">21:01:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> I agree with dan
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">21:01:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> exactly
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">21:01:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> im going to have to go soon guys
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">21:02:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> we need to try having fast paced meetings IMO
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">21:02:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> agreed but when i said I i meant We
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">21:02:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe____:</span> k, cheers for coming. join on time then ;-)?
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">21:02:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Okay I think we should go with our original plan of having shortfall paid by combination of us.
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">21:02:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> i was trying
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">21:02:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> we spend first 15mins disuccsing who's around ehehe
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">21:03:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">krischairperson will find out if CAVC will need hall paid for in full or if they only need a deposit.</span>
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">21:03:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe____:</span> agreed work @ 5am cant stay forever
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">21:03:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">sportshall for freestyle</span>
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">21:03:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> lucky i made it, been drinking since 11am. backed off around 4 though haha
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">21:03:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> they deffinatly said they need it in full before BUC
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">21:03:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> This is on the agenda, but I'm pretty sure this is a no.
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">21:03:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> lol i'm surprised you managed to join the ;-)
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">21:03:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> yeah, no
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">21:04:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">krischairperson:</span> Damn, right I'll have to fix that in the minutes later.
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">21:04:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> it ain't happening, lets be honest we probably wont get many freestylers
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">21:04:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">arfoll</span>
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">21:04:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">arfoll</span>
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">21:04:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Current chairs: arfoll delcypher
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">21:04:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> i look forward to getting the minutes. Ill take action tomorrow!
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">21:04:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> sorry and good night x x
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">21:04:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> yeah, in past years there has been a near enough regulation freestyle event with a the full required space
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">21:05:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> night joe!
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">21:05:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">samgoodburn:</span> problem is usually there was like max 5 contestants...
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">21:05:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">samgoodburn:</span> ait coming deffinatly no sports hall for freestyl we can hardly get enough for Hockey and i hope to get at least 25 hockey players turn up!
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">21:05:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> but in my opinion, due to the lack of interest, all the rules and regulations just put people off
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">21:05:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> btw, i wouldnt scrap freestyle. theres a fair few JUST riders only do freestyle
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">21:05:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> JUST freestyle ;)
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">21:05:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i suggest we organise a more adhoc one in a small hall and try make it more fun
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">21:05:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Probably not enough freestyle riders to justify hiring a seperate hall. We will probably have to make do with NFS's hall and have a combined show/ freestyle compeition.</span>
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">21:06:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> K shall we move on?
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">21:06:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe____&gt;</span> thats fair enough
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">21:06:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">21:06:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">BUC: special guest</span>
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">21:06:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> no. we can maybe get the voodoo guys to do a small display?
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">21:06:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> that could get them some publicity and us a free of charge 'guest'
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">21:06:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jasonissostreet&gt;</span> I'm sure that wouldn't be a problem
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">21:07:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> This is where I'm hoping Jasonissostreet and SimonBerryFlatla contacts might come in handy...
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">21:07:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> we should dfeinately invite as many foreign riders as possible though
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">21:07:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerryFlatla&gt;</span> That could be cool.
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">21:07:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> and if anyone awesome comes propose they do a few minutes of demo
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">21:07:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> any one that went to unicon will know a lot of very good people willing to come for a low fee or free i'm sure
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">21:08:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> s/fee/free. We can't even pay for a hall so lets keep expectations low ;-)
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">21:08:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerryFlatla:</span> Do you know some foriegn riders that would like to come to BUC. I'm sure you'd must know people who would like to come to your flatland comp.
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">21:08:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerryFlatla&gt;</span> I don't like the idea of having big 'special guests' though. It kind of just feels weird because unicycle events are always a place where whatever ability you can ride together and share skills without it having to be a special guest in front of an audience
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">21:09:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> Bombard as many foregners with invites as possible!
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">21:09:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerryFlatla:</span> agree with you totally. maybe this isn't the best idea
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">21:09:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerryFlatla&gt;</span> A few people at EUC said they'd be up for it. I reckon a fair few French/German/Austrian riders will be up for coming if the Trials/Street/Flat is good
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">21:09:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">krischairperson:</span> definately
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">21:09:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> tell loads of people that they'd be "special guest"
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">21:09:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> ahaha yes
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">21:09:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">samgoodburn:</span> lol
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">21:10:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Okay shall we agree that we'll make VoodooUnicycles special guests but we'll throw invites to as many foriegn riders as we know. They can compete but they can't officially win titles.
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">21:10:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> ok can we agree then that everyone uses there contacts to invite as many foregn riders as possible
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">21:10:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> *They refers to foriegn riders, not VoodooUnicycles.
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">21:10:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> not free invites?
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">21:11:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> ye but dont write that on the invite
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">21:11:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerryFlatla&gt;</span> I think we should just advertise the event publically to foreign riders and some will come
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">21:11:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> its not freethey still have to pay in my oppinion
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">21:11:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> tell foreign riders than they can win 1st place in street, trials,etc but not the british champion title
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">21:11:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Sorry you talking about Voodoo riders or foriegn riders? I wasn't intending on making entry free to anyone.
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">21:11:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">krischairperson delcypher AndrewLenden_ arfoll Jasonissostreet SimonBerryFlatla Jam__ invite as many foreign riders as possible, by talking about it and welcoming them to the event</span>
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">21:12:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> yup, we're not rich enough to give out free tickets
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">21:12:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> lets move on, we're taking too long
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">21:12:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerryFlatla&gt;</span> Yeah I don't like the idea of showing favour to some riders than others
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">21:12:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> agreed
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">21:12:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerryFlatla&gt;</span> Yes let's move on
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">21:12:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> if we have to pay so does everyone else
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">21:13:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> I would tell some german freestyle riders.. but i think they'd be dissapointed
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">21:13:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Should freestyle be cancelled if there is not enough registered participants by a certain date</span>
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">21:13:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> this is why i think it she be encorperated in a show
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">21:13:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> no 2 contestants is a competition
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">21:13:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> srsly? Who cares, freestyle has always had low participation. I'll do some freestyle if we have low numbers
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">21:14:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I'm not sure what the threshold is but if we have at least 2 riders and combine freestyle into the show then we'll be fine.
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">21:14:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> in fact all comitee members will have to participate in freestyle if numbers are low
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">21:14:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> ^ krischairperson ?
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">21:14:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> agreed
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">21:14:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Lol constitutional rule
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">21:14:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerryFlatla&gt;</span> 2 participants is a comp (i'll also enter) but is a comp of 2 people viable financially?
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">21:14:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> yep i can ride backwards!!!
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">21:14:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerryFlatla:</span> theres no cost, it wouldnt be in a special hall
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">21:14:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerryFlatla&gt;</span> Fair play
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">21:14:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> what is there is 1 competitior who has planned a routine?
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">21:15:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">samgoodburn:</span> then he proabbly ends up winning?
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">21:15:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerryFlatla&gt;</span> I will have a planned routine (for real)
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">21:15:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> it still goes a head then
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">21:15:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerryFlatla:</span> It would just be flatland in disguise ;)
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">21:15:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> i'll get someone to video call me so I can watch you
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">21:15:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> flatland is freestyle except they fall over all the time ;--)
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">21:16:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> BOOM
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">21:16:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerryFlatla&gt;</span> Not at all! Freestyle routine based around wheelwalking and coasting, flatlandd around rolls, flips and spins. the borders may cross each other slightly though ;)
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">21:16:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Freestyle will go ahead as part of a combined show. If numbers are low several committee members are willing to participate</span>
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">21:16:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerryFlatla&gt;</span> Freestyle isn't a free style if we get pissy about what tricks are done.
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">21:16:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">What traders should we have at BUC? Should we charge them? If so how much?</span>
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">21:16:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> ^ exactly. hence why I think flat is basically freestyle...
<a name="l-357"></a><span class="tm">21:17:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> offically freestyle can be on any unicycle its just performing
<a name="l-358"></a><span class="tm">21:17:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> you can do trials
<a name="l-359"></a><span class="tm">21:17:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">samgoodburn:</span> are you allowed to bring in pallets though?
<a name="l-360"></a><span class="tm">21:17:27 </span><span class="nka">* arfoll</span> <span class="ac">imagines a routine</span>
<a name="l-361"></a><span class="tm">21:17:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> i think you get an allocated set up and removal time
<a name="l-362"></a><span class="tm">21:17:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> so if you're quick you could
<a name="l-363"></a><span class="tm">21:18:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> we dont have space for many traders, but obviously we should try get Unicycle.com and maybe people like oddballs? Like two vendors would be great
<a name="l-364"></a><span class="tm">21:18:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Anyway guys can stick to the new topic.
<a name="l-365"></a><span class="tm">21:18:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> Should we invite UDC oddballs and Butterfingers i dont think its reasonable to charge them
<a name="l-366"></a><span class="tm">21:18:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> as we dont know about numbers
<a name="l-367"></a><span class="tm">21:18:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> I think they just have to pay competitor prices for everyone that turns up and thats it
<a name="l-368"></a><span class="tm">21:18:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> and give me some free shit ;-)
<a name="l-369"></a><span class="tm">21:18:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerryFlatla&gt;</span> agreed
<a name="l-370"></a><span class="tm">21:18:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">krischairperson:</span> That's a fair point
<a name="l-371"></a><span class="tm">21:19:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> that sounds fair
<a name="l-372"></a><span class="tm">21:19:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> provide things for a raffle/ prizes??
<a name="l-373"></a><span class="tm">21:19:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> actually samgoodburn makes a godo point, maybe they can each contribute to a prize?
<a name="l-374"></a><span class="tm">21:19:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerryFlatla&gt;</span> UDC sponsored the Voodoo League last year, should we ask if they could provide prizes for BUC too?
<a name="l-375"></a><span class="tm">21:19:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> in return for trading
<a name="l-376"></a><span class="tm">21:19:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerryFlatla:</span> Yeah that seems like a nice idea.
<a name="l-377"></a><span class="tm">21:20:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> good ideas simon :P
<a name="l-378"></a><span class="tm">21:20:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> i like thhat 2!
<a name="l-379"></a><span class="tm">21:20:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> like 1st in street,flat,trials,freestyle,muni &amp; hockey?
<a name="l-380"></a><span class="tm">21:20:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> 1st is a UDC prize 2nd is butterfingers third is an oddballs
<a name="l-381"></a><span class="tm">21:20:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">samgoodburn:</span> but in what discipline?
<a name="l-382"></a><span class="tm">21:21:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Do oddballs and butterfingers do unicycle related stuff.
<a name="l-383"></a><span class="tm">21:21:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-384"></a><span class="tm">21:21:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> oddballs do
<a name="l-385"></a><span class="tm">21:21:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Imagine you just got second place in trials and you get handed a diablo... how annoyed would you be
<a name="l-386"></a><span class="tm">21:21:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CJCrates&gt;</span> but they barely have a clue
<a name="l-387"></a><span class="tm">21:21:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> they do, but they wouldn't bring it because they're mostly suplied by UDC anyway so they're stock would be pointless
<a name="l-388"></a><span class="tm">21:21:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i dont think we can realistically expect 3 prizes in each discipline can we?
<a name="l-389"></a><span class="tm">21:22:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> anyways why dont we ask them what they'd be willing to contribute and instead try get them to just pay entry fees?
<a name="l-390"></a><span class="tm">21:22:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> also can we bully them into bringing loaner quax mini bikes? Cause they're great fun
<a name="l-391"></a><span class="tm">21:22:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> lets just agree to invite 3 stall and see what there response is!
<a name="l-392"></a><span class="tm">21:22:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> sorry shall we?
<a name="l-393"></a><span class="tm">21:23:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-394"></a><span class="tm">21:23:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-395"></a><span class="tm">21:23:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">krischairperson will invite 3 vendors and see what their response is</span>
<a name="l-396"></a><span class="tm">21:23:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-397"></a><span class="tm">21:23:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">likely vendors will be UDC, Oddballs and Butterfingers</span>
<a name="l-398"></a><span class="tm">21:24:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Do we ask the vendors for prizes or not?
<a name="l-399"></a><span class="tm">21:24:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> i will drop it in to conversation yes
<a name="l-400"></a><span class="tm">21:25:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i would just position it as 'would be great if you could contribute to some prizes for the competitions'
<a name="l-401"></a><span class="tm">21:25:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> agreed
<a name="l-402"></a><span class="tm">21:25:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> also can you mention that advertising banners for the trials comp would be welcome? I think they make it look awesome
<a name="l-403"></a><span class="tm">21:25:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> sounds good
<a name="l-404"></a><span class="tm">21:25:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-405"></a><span class="tm">21:26:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">krischairperson will contact vendors asking if they would be willing to contribute prizes (also ask about a banner for trials course)</span>
<a name="l-406"></a><span class="tm">21:26:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> So what have we agreed to do regarding charging. Are we just charging vendors competitor entry fee?
<a name="l-407"></a><span class="tm">21:27:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> yeah, each 'vendor' will have to pay 50 quid
<a name="l-408"></a><span class="tm">21:28:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> per person at the stall/comp
<a name="l-409"></a><span class="tm">21:28:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Vendors will charged competitor rate per person at stall</span>
<a name="l-410"></a><span class="tm">21:28:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> per person attending the convention
<a name="l-411"></a><span class="tm">21:28:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Competitive event organisation</span>
<a name="l-412"></a><span class="tm">21:29:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">freestyle, flatland, hockey, street and trials need organising</span>
<a name="l-413"></a><span class="tm">21:29:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I presume each of the reps are happy to organise their event.
<a name="l-414"></a><span class="tm">21:29:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> issue being I won't be there.
<a name="l-415"></a><span class="tm">21:29:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jasonissostreet&gt;</span> Yep, happy to as long as it doesn't conflict with me competing
<a name="l-416"></a><span class="tm">21:29:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Although we have a problem with freestyle and hockey.
<a name="l-417"></a><span class="tm">21:30:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerryFlatla&gt;</span> Yeah I'm cool with that. I need to go now, but just for the record, if we work out a space and time in the weekend for Flatland i'm happy to organise it
<a name="l-418"></a><span class="tm">21:30:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> Yeah i'm good. I'm also willing to lend a hand in freestyle stuff
<a name="l-419"></a><span class="tm">21:30:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerryFlatla:</span> How long does a flatland event normally last.
<a name="l-420"></a><span class="tm">21:30:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Jasonissostreet:</span> Yeah. The intension is you'd organise who would be judging before hand so you can compete.
<a name="l-421"></a><span class="tm">21:31:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jasonissostreet&gt;</span> Awesome, I'm definitely down for that then
<a name="l-422"></a><span class="tm">21:31:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerryFlatla&gt;</span> Depends on the number of competitors and stuff. If i come up with some predicted figures i couild work it out. Each competitor has a 1 minute prelim, but with their last trick it's probably 3 minutes per person. then a break while the judges narrow it to 8 people, then the battles will last about an hour I guess
<a name="l-423"></a><span class="tm">21:32:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> Im happy to orcustrate the Hockey but means i will be MIA for the whole of saturday
<a name="l-424"></a><span class="tm">21:32:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I think hockey is going to be a combination of krischairperson and Liam McNally
<a name="l-425"></a><span class="tm">21:32:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AndrewLenden_&gt;</span> My apologies I need to go. Jam_ I suggest we look at each others statements and get in touch regarding our first steps. Good night everyone and thankyou!
<a name="l-426"></a><span class="tm">21:32:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> AGREED
<a name="l-427"></a><span class="tm">21:32:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">krischairperson:</span> Well are you more interested in hockey or the other sports? The hockey guys seem quite good at organising themselves.
<a name="l-428"></a><span class="tm">21:33:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AndrewLenden_:</span> Goodnight. Thanks for coming along.
<a name="l-429"></a><span class="tm">21:33:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> HOCKEY
<a name="l-430"></a><span class="tm">21:33:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> caps lock hockey
<a name="l-431"></a><span class="tm">21:33:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> then that's settled.
<a name="l-432"></a><span class="tm">21:33:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerryFlatla&gt;</span> I'm off too, good night all :)
<a name="l-433"></a><span class="tm">21:33:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AndrewLenden_:</span> sorry for overruning - again - nice to meet you and g'night!
<a name="l-434"></a><span class="tm">21:33:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> ok so basically end of meeting no?
<a name="l-435"></a><span class="tm">21:33:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">krischairperson will organise hockey (in collaboration with players)</span>
<a name="l-436"></a><span class="tm">21:33:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Jasonissostreet will organise street comp</span>
<a name="l-437"></a><span class="tm">21:34:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">SimonBerryFatla will organise flatland</span>
<a name="l-438"></a><span class="tm">21:34:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Probably. I just need to get the last few bits #action notes in for the minutes
<a name="l-439"></a><span class="tm">21:34:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jam__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AndrewLenden_:</span> Ok, I'll get in touch! Goodnight!
<a name="l-440"></a><span class="tm">21:35:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> I take it you'd like some help organising trials as it is the most amount of work?
<a name="l-441"></a><span class="tm">21:35:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> yes please
<a name="l-442"></a><span class="tm">21:35:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> speed trials?
<a name="l-443"></a><span class="tm">21:35:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">arfoll and delcypher will organise trials</span>
<a name="l-444"></a><span class="tm">21:35:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i expect most of the work would be on friday/saturday setting up tbh
<a name="l-445"></a><span class="tm">21:36:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">krischairperson:</span> I think it's dependent on if we can get the necessary obstacles
<a name="l-446"></a><span class="tm">21:36:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> We'd also need to find markers
<a name="l-447"></a><span class="tm">21:36:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> true
<a name="l-448"></a><span class="tm">21:36:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> speed trials will be done if we can get the materials
<a name="l-449"></a><span class="tm">21:36:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> i have a few ideas for that, but yes
<a name="l-450"></a><span class="tm">21:37:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">freestyle organisation is uncertain at the moment but arfoll has offered to help</span>
<a name="l-451"></a><span class="tm">21:37:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Okay shall we end the meeting here?
<a name="l-452"></a><span class="tm">21:37:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> what did you also want to talk about?
<a name="l-453"></a><span class="tm">21:37:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samgoodburn&gt;</span> awesome
<a name="l-454"></a><span class="tm">21:37:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> There is still stuff on the agenda, but I think it's probably best if we leave it here.
<a name="l-455"></a><span class="tm">21:38:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jasonissostreet&gt;</span> Sounds good
<a name="l-456"></a><span class="tm">21:38:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I'll have to save it for the next meeting.
<a name="l-457"></a><span class="tm">21:38:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> agreed?
<a name="l-458"></a><span class="tm">21:38:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairperson&gt;</span> cool ill be in touch in the week check your emails guys!!!!
<a name="l-459"></a><span class="tm">21:38:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> sure
<a name="l-460"></a><span class="tm">21:38:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>

</body></html>