<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<!-- saved from url=(0067)http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html -->
<html><head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">

<title>##uuu log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
<style type="text/css"></style></head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:29:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">Seventh IRC UUU meeting. BUC2013</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:29:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Meeting started Sat May  4 18:29:37 2013 UTC.  The chair is delcypher. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:29:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #info #idea #link #topic #startvote.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:29:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to 'seventh_irc_uuu_meeting__buc2013'
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:29:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">trials/street course design</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:30:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> ok, I started something
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:30:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Any luck with coming up with a list
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:30:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> let me share it
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:30:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Ok. Gdocs?
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:30:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> im not on my pc so will take 1
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:31:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Shall we discuss something else whilst Brendan is sorting that out?
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:31:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> yes plz
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:31:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Discuss later</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:31:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Hockey relocation</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:32:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Just incase people here aren't aware. Hockey for BUC is being relocated to the NFS building because we haven't had enough hockey people sign-up.</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:32:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i think thats sensible
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:32:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> iv spoken to Liam who is in agreement and seems hapy with the idea
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:33:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> Kris are you happy to contact the CAVC people and tell them we don't want the hall anymore?
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:33:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> need to send a email to the hocky lot (BC) to explain incase there planning on showing up on the day
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:33:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> yes
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:34:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">chairperson will contact CAVC and inform them we no longer wish to hire the hall.</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:34:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> I intend to update the website with a bunch of information too, but we need to sort a bunch of stuff out before we do that.
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:35:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:35:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">There's a draft e-mail in the works that informs convention goers of various things. https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/1qVX3ZtqH2pT1V3DHSD12oO_90RUGnMBofMr11V59_xk/edit?usp=drive_web</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:35:42 </span><span class="nka">* arfoll</span> <span class="ac">has just emailed the current BUC trials plan</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:36:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> There's a small bit for you to fill in about the hockey. You're better at putting a positive spin on these things.
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:37:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> Can you get that done by Monday so I can send it off?
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:37:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> ye iv seen it sorry for the delay iv been buisy but will do befor tuesday
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:37:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> ok monday :-)
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:38:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> 10 cable reels might be pushing it
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:38:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Cool I'm just opening up your document. I've moved it into our shared BUC2013 folder.
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:38:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> I know, thats why its got the tilde
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:39:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> but anyways, its my ideal wishlist, well see what happens. Also there are very small reels
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:39:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> right let's move on.
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:39:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Trials/Street course. Materials and design.</span>
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:40:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> so both of you already saw the document
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:40:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">arfoll has prepared a list of materials and a rough design for the trials course.</span>
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:40:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i'm being hopeful obviously, tbh i'll make do with what turns up on the day
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:40:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> I need to know how many pallets jason wants
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:41:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> 30-40 is not so many for me and I guess he'll want at least 10
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:41:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> When Kris &amp; I spoke to Clare from NFS she told us it's unlikely that they'll be able to get hold of a car :(
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:41:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> is ~ a tilde? you learn somthing every day!
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:41:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> aye
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:41:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> well that sucks
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:42:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> lets add +10 pallets and well make a car out of pallets then
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:42:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> I will also phone scrap yard and see if we cant get one
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:42:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> I'd reallz like a scrap car
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:42:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> How would we get rid of it afterwards?? Drive home what's left of it?
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:42:49 </span><span class="nka">* arfoll</span> <span class="ac">is on swiss keyboard so sorry...</span>
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:43:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> no, pay a scrappy to loan us a dead car. We'd pay for the transport of it, he gets money for doing nothing... i'm hoping we can convince one
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:43:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> okay.
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:43:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> and at the end of the day, the metal of the car would still be the same
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:43:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> but NFS said they could get us one when we went there
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:43:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> cause thez had connectinons to scrappy
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:44:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> it was their idea to start with hence why im really pushing it
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:44:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Are you happy to nag Jason and find out what he needs for the street course? He's not that easy to get hold of.
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:45:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> I can provide a sidehop bar by the way.
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:45:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> cool that would be good for high jump
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:45:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> it was lyns idea and now we are dealing with clare, have to see what stuff she comes back with but we need materials asap
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:45:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> could we not ping Lynn about it?
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:46:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> ok I can do that,
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:46:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> I can do what?
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:46:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> ye we will, lets see what clare comes up with next week and then go to lyn in nesissary. i have faith in clare though
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:46:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> contact jason
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:46:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> fine.... grumble.
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:46:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> and please lets push teh car thing, dont start with I thought we couldnt
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:46:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher will nag jason to give proper details of required street course</span>
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:47:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> I meant i will do that!
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:47:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#undo</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:47:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Removing item from minutes: &lt;ircmeeting.items.Action object at 0x5786f0&gt;
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:47:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">arfoll will nag jason to give proper details of required street course</span>
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:47:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> ungrumpb?
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:48:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Ok, great we have a list. So shall we send it to Clare once we've all had a proper read of it?
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:48:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerry:</span> Are you alive?
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:49:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerry&gt;</span> Very much so
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:49:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:49:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> im happy with the list if you guys are obviously i have nothing to add
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:49:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerry&gt;</span> I agree that a car would be sick for trials, could base a lot of lines around it
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:49:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerry:</span> Cool, just checking.
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:49:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> I know ie asked for a lot, but you cant get what you dont ask for!
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:49:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Alright. I'll have a full read of it tonight and then I'll send it to Clare
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:50:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher will send the trials list to Clare from NoFitState tonight.</span>
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:50:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> btw obstacles are just ideas, it totally depends on what we end up with/sizes
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:50:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerry:</span> You know more about street that us? Jason mentioned one of the things that is difficult to sort out is a grind box. Do you have any suggestions?
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:51:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerry:</span> will yuou need anything for flat?
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:51:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> couldnt the voodoos grind box be used?
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:51:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerry:</span> Some bangin' beats?
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:51:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerry&gt;</span> For flat I just need a decent sized flat space, usage of the PA, and a few judges.
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:51:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerry:</span> I don't know stopwatches maybe... I presume people are timed.
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:52:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> phones phones phones
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:52:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerry&gt;</span> Stopwatches/phone with stopwatch, whatever really
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:52:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerry:</span> We're hoping to use part of the front car park as a space for flatland.
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:52:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerry:</span> Does the voodoo rig have a grindable box?
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:53:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerry&gt;</span> Sick. I might put loads of bangin' gangsta beats on my laptop or phone and bring that for music, we can also stopwatch from that
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:53:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerry&gt;</span> I think Edd has been modifiying one box to be grindable but i'm not sure. IMO we need enough pallets to make a 3set, 5set and simple manny pad, then maybe a voodoo box.
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:54:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerry:</span> how many pallets does that make?
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:54:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Do most street comps have stair sets of different sizes?
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:55:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerry&gt;</span> Yes most have a 3/5/7, or a 3 and a 5, or a 5 and a 7. But with the level of british riders (no offense) a 3 and a 5 is more ridable
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:57:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> well i need a number of pallets you want
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:57:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Oh something I forgot to mention. Clare mentioned that it may be possible to borrow some equipment from the Council. Apparently they have a "mobile" skate park. she said we shouldn't rely on this though as the council are really bad at communicating.
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:58:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerry&gt;</span> I'll try and figure it out. Someone who organises EUC or something will know how many pallets are needed.
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">19:00:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I've slapped together a document for the street course. https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/1q6x0u5Q6sSjAtt5kQc9nVU2Iam7V-_SAawJ6jM8eDi8/edit
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">19:00:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">SimonBerry and Jason will work out what materials are needed for the street course a.s.a.p</span>
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">19:01:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerry:</span> Cool could you get this done soon as we're running out of time to get this sorted?
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">19:01:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerry&gt;</span> Yeah i'll send a few messages around
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">19:02:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Street happens before trials so we could actually make the street course part of the trials course.
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">19:02:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Or is that sacrilege?
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">19:02:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerry&gt;</span> Yeah, reuse the pallets for sure
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">19:03:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerry:</span> not reuse, we wont have the time to build stuff in between
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">19:03:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerry:</span> I don't mean disassemble (that'll take too long). I meant make the stair set part of the trials course (e.g have to hop/ride down it)
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">19:03:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> we could use the stair sets as part of trials, but then we need to have trials in the same place as street (is that the case?)
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">19:04:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Yeah they are both being built at the front of NoFitState in the car park, right?
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">19:04:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerry&gt;</span> if you're using stair sets in trials though presumably you only need the stairs and not a 3 rev run up. So those pallets could be taken out and used
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">19:05:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> ok then sure, we can incorporate the obstacles, but I still need to know roughly hoy many pallets they want for my plans
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">19:05:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerry:</span> we can just place the stair set conveniently closer to the street place
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">19:05:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> and the 3 rev run up is cool for other things
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">19:06:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Trials course will share some parts of street course.</span>
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">19:06:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> anyways if you want a 3set &amp; 5 set with a 3 rev run up you will need a lot of pallets
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">19:06:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Is there anything else about this you want to talk about? If not I'm going to move on.
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">19:07:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> im good I just want to make it clear that if I get only 30 pallets there will be no street obstacles
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">19:08:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> it sounds like they need at least 20
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">19:09:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Perhaps the council lending us a mobile street course will save us?
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">19:09:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> they wont have a stair case with a 3 run up
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">19:10:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> probably half pipe ish stuff which is a bit useles for us
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">19:10:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> that's a point.
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">19:10:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> grind rail might be nice though.
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">19:10:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Anyway I'm running out of time. So I'm going to move on
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">19:10:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Workshop and hockey scheduling.</span>
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">19:10:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerry&gt;</span> Yeah a mobile skate park will probably be a grind box, maybe manny pad and some mini ramps
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">19:11:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Now that hockey is going to be at NFS on saturday we need to work out how to schedule this along with the workshops and a "muck around" space.</span>
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">19:11:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> What was your plan?
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">19:11:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> if there is 30 ish people and hockey is in the nfs hall then i think 10-3 is ample time especialy as some people will want to leve and go trials
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">19:12:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> leave
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">19:12:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> What I meant is do you want to make some of the scheduled "workshop" slots hockey slots or do you want to keep them totally seperate?
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">19:13:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> i.e. so hockey stuff runs in parallel with other workshops?
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">19:13:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> I think we could schedule hockey 10-3 but also run othe workshops along side that
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">19:13:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> ye run them in paralle
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">19:13:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">19:14:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> we can play it by ear a bit on the day as well
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">19:14:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Hockey will be run from 10-3 in parallel with workshops</span>
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">19:14:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> Which hall will you want to use?
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">19:14:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> up stairs
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">19:14:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Okay.
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">19:15:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> So we're using the large downstairs hall for workshops/silly games and as a "muck-around" space?
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">19:15:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">19:16:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Downstairs hall will be used for workshops/sillygames/muck-around space on Saturday</span>
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">19:16:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> There was mention of some hockey workshops too. Would you like some to be scheduled on Sunday?
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">19:16:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> action -&gt; info?
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">19:17:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Oops..
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">19:17:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#undo</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">19:17:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Removing item from minutes: &lt;ircmeeting.items.Action object at 0x58c3b0&gt;
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">19:17:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#undo</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">19:17:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Removing item from minutes: &lt;ircmeeting.items.Action object at 0x58c0b0&gt;
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">19:17:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Hockey will be run from 10-3 in parallel with workshops</span>
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">19:17:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Downstairs hall will be used for workshops/sillygames/muck-around space on Saturday</span>
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">19:18:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> right I'm going to have to go soon, so I'm going to do a few other things quickly.
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">19:18:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">arfoll</span>
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">19:18:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Current chairs: arfoll delcypher
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">19:18:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Video competition</span>
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">19:18:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i thought this was allread sorted?
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">19:19:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">There is going to be a video competition which we need to announce a.s.ap. Is everyone okay with the rules. They can be found in https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/1qVX3ZtqH2pT1V3DHSD12oO_90RUGnMBofMr11V59_xk/edit</span>
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">19:19:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> its fine, lets no worry too much aboutt he rules
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">19:19:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerry&gt;</span> Seems fine :)
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">19:20:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i jsut added no violence
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">19:20:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> im happy
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">19:20:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher will send out emails/facebook/twitter info about video comp</span>
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">19:20:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Will Voodoo king of the road videos actually pass these rules?
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">19:21:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> well who knows... anyways no one here to answer that
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">19:21:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Day tickets</span>
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">19:22:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> again, i dont care about this, NFS suggestion is fine
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">19:22:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We will be selling day tickets (£25) for non-competitors to attend for one day.</span>
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">19:22:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Mock up t-shirt designs for organisers</span>
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">19:22:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> i like the idea of day rticketts £25 no competition entry but workshops and messabout on the trials course on sunday ect
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">19:22:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> to slow wev moved on ok
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">19:23:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">A quick mockup for organiser t-shirt design has been made. Thoughts?</span>
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">19:23:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> tshirts cost alot of money
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">19:23:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> why are we not spending it on cooler stuff?
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">19:23:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> Hopefully we'll have some trials workshops that will be open to all.
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">19:23:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> t-shirts nice idea but i think we will have to pay for them
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">19:24:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> I don't mind that but if people don't really care we can use NFS's bright pink bibs instead.
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">19:24:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> we could make money out of T-shirts but we would need to front the money to make it
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">19:24:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> only the 3 of us where willing to part with any upgront moneys...
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">19:24:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> i reALY want one of your t-shirts
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">19:25:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> We have that £200 left over from the hockey hall?
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">19:25:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> if someone designs one, i'll buy one but im not willing to pay upfront for a bunch
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">19:25:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> realisaticallz thats only 20 tshirts
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">19:25:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> I threw together a mockup for a t-shirt. Have you seen it?
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">19:25:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> no, link?
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">19:25:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Give me a sec
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">19:25:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerry&gt;</span> i saw it, looked good
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">19:26:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> ]https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/file/d/0B2RZnOajrg2DTmU3eG9kQ1JGc1U/edit?usp=sharing
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">19:26:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/file/d/0B2RZnOajrg2DTmU3eG9kQ1JGc1U/edit?usp=sharing
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">19:27:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> if you still have the £200 then im happy for us to use that to buy 20 T's keep on each for those that payed up and sell the others for a tenner, they will definatly sell
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">19:28:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> uhm... ok, why not
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">19:28:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> im not really a huge fan of the design, can we get slighly nice quality oens though?
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">19:28:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> okay. Does anyone have any idea how long it takes to get t-shirts made?
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">19:28:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> no idea
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">19:29:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> guessing its pretty quick
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">19:29:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> i got a simonberry T-shirt made in 4hrs for a tenner
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">19:29:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Feel free to improve the design. I made it in &lt;5 minutes.
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">19:29:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> we could get 20 made in a week easy
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">19:29:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerry&gt;</span> We could just have a Simon Berry T shirt for BUC?
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">19:30:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> polo shirts would look better but again alot more expencive
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">19:30:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i hate polo shirts
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">19:30:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I also don't like polo shirts
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">19:30:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerry&gt;</span> rifing in polo shirts would make me feel way too private school
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">19:30:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> collar up and your cool!
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">19:30:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> lol polos out then
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">19:32:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Well if it takes ~1 week to have t-shirts made shall we delay making them for a week just incase we need more money for trials/street course?
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">19:32:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> good idea in the mean time we could find out exactly how much the cost and how long it takes ect
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">19:32:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i think it would be wise
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">19:33:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher will look into how much it will cost to produce 20-30 t-shirts. Purchasing will be delayed until we know more about trials/street course as we may need money for that.</span>
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">19:33:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Before I switch topic. Are we happy with yellow?
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">19:34:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">19:34:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> I figured you wouldn't mind as you have a bright yellow EUC t-shirt.
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">19:35:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> yellow's good
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">19:36:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Wait if we plan on selling these. How are people meant to distinguish organisers from people who just buy a t-shirt?
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">19:37:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I suppose we could print on different colour t-shirts for the ones to sell but it'll work out more expensive.
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">19:37:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> its not really a big deal
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">19:37:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> lets move on
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">19:37:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> probably not, they will have loads of t-s of various colours
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">19:37:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> i will find out
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">19:38:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> Wait am I doing this, or are you? I'm happy to give you the task of sorting out t-shirts. I've got enough on my plate at the moment.
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">19:38:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> ok ill do a little reasearch and get back to you
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">19:38:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">19:38:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#undo</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">19:38:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Removing item from minutes: &lt;ircmeeting.items.Action object at 0x4fa470&gt;
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">19:39:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">chairperson will look into how much it will cost to produce 20-30 t-shirts (possibly different colours: one for organisers and another of people to buy). Purchasing will be delayed until we know more about trials/street course as we may need money for that.</span>
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">19:39:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Printed information (first aid, food, water points, map..etc.) leaflets/timetables for attendees.</span>
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">19:40:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Right so who should be responsible for this?
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">19:40:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I'm happy to design it but I probably won't be able to print.
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">19:40:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> ok you design send it to me an i will prind 200 coppys
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">19:41:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher will design leaflets to give to attendes with info on</span>
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">19:41:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">chairperson will print them</span>
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">19:41:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> How much notice will you need? We probably won't be able to print until last minute (as timetable will keep changing).
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">19:42:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> thursday afternoon - the 23rd or whatever the date is i will print at work
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">19:42:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> ok cool
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">19:43:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Right do we want to talk about the PA ( I skipeed that point earlier). Or shall we sort that out by e-mail/facebook with Edd &amp; Jason?
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">19:43:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i dont get this
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">19:43:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> You don't get what?
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">19:43:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> email and fb with edd, after all its thee pa
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">19:43:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> the PA situation seems easy, PA indoors is NFS and PA outdoors is voodoos?
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">19:44:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> since we only need a PA for flat &amp; street &amp; maybe trials (im not that bothered)
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">19:44:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> That's our plan. I don't think that's exactly what Clare had in mind but I can't see her objecting to our plan.
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">19:44:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> what did clare have in mind?
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">19:44:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">PA</span>
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">19:45:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Clare thought that the voodoo PA would be in inside the lobby (front entrance) but the speakers will face towards the door/outside so music can be held outside.
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">19:45:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> why would we do that??
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">19:45:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> *music can be heard outside
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">19:46:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> sounds rubbish, we dont need loud music indoors anyways
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">19:46:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I like our/voodoo's plan better so I'll contact clare about it
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">19:46:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher will Contact Clare from NFS about revised plan for PA.</span>
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">19:46:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Judges need for Street, flatland and freestyle</span>
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">19:47:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerry&gt;</span> tbh depending on the competition it wouldn't be hard to move the PA if we needed to as long as there's a power supply
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">19:47:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Are we going totally ad-hoc for this or is it better to find people beforehand willing to judge?
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">19:47:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> ad-hoc. I can try judge some stuff but I probs wont have time
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">19:48:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> ad-hoc  is just going to be easier
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">19:48:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerry:</span> Are you happy to choose you judge ad-hoc, or do you want specific people to judge?
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">19:48:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SimonBerry&gt;</span> Seems like it would be easier to just pick some people on the day
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">19:49:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I could ask the people who have registered and who have said they are happy to help organise if they would be interested in judging?
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">19:50:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> whats the point, we dont know who they are, what they know, and how do they kjnow what they will choose to do?
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">19:50:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> better to ask people you know at least a little
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">19:50:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> alright then I'll leave it. I guess we can ask when people register on the day.
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">19:50:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Moving on...
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">19:51:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Certificates for competition winners? Trophies yes/no? Award during show?</span>
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">19:51:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I think certificates is a given, but I'm not sure about trophies.
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">19:51:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> no, trophies are wated money, award during show
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">19:51:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">certificates will be awarded during show</span>
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">19:51:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i thought we already discussed this before?
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">19:52:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> I think we did but not everyone was around... then again there are even less people here than normal!
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">19:52:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> well people that arent at meetings cant make decisions... we cant wait for them
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">19:53:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SimonBerry:</span> Do have an opinon on this? If not I'm going to move on.
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">19:53:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">chairperson:</span> Do you have an opinion on this? If not I'm moving on.
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">19:54:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> yep certificates given out in the show
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">19:54:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> okay...
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">19:54:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> no trophys, next year maybe
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">19:54:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Hockey mini-tournament</span>
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">19:54:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> this isn't the agenda but I've just had a thought.
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">19:54:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> thats not on the agenda+
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">19:54:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> does the hockey mini-tournament count as a competition? I.e. will we allow non-competitors to take part? my guess is yes?
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">19:55:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> yes but who organises, keeps score?
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">19:55:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> I think Kris will.
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">19:55:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Although if Kris is doing that we will need someone else to oversee running workshops.
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">19:55:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> i think the reality is that hockey will be one long worshop with people coming and going all day
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">19:56:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> we will have mini tournements but nothing to seriouse
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">19:56:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The hockey mini-tournament is not regarded as a competition so non-competitiors may take part.</span>
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">19:56:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> okay last item
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">19:56:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">How are we going to go about splitting tasks between ourselves and volunteers so we know who should be where and when.</span>
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">19:56:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> So how do we want to co-ordinate this?
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">19:57:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> as for using volunteers, we can ask at registration if people would like to volunteer and then point them at things. I'll just be on the trials course 95% of the day
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">19:58:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i dont see us getting many volunteers anyways
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">19:58:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Well we already know a bunch of people who have volunteered to help. Should I not try to use this information to see when people plan to be free so I have a very rough idea how many people we have available to help and when.
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">19:58:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">19:58:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> 14 people volunteered to help organise (more than workshops volunteers which was only 6!)
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">19:59:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i want loots of people to help with building and 10+ judges for trials comp
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">19:59:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> cool well we can allocate those 14 a task
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">19:59:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> im doubtful well reallz get 14 people but...
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">19:59:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> can try
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">20:00:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Right I guess we need fix the schedule first (which is not correct right now) and then we can work out where each of us will be during the day and then try to figure out what other jobs need doing. After that I guess we can ask for help
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">20:01:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chairperson&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">20:01:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher will try to fix the schedule, then workout what tasks need doing and then workout where each committee member/NFS staff will be during the day. Finally we can then contact the people who volunteered and see if they'd be interested in doing any of the remaining tasks.</span>
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">20:01:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> we done? its 2100 and Im starving
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">20:01:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> yeah we're done
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">20:01:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>

</body><style type="text/css">embed[type*="application/x-shockwave-flash"],embed[src*=".swf"],object[type*="application/x-shockwave-flash"],object[codetype*="application/x-shockwave-flash"],object[src*=".swf"],object[codebase*="swflash.cab"],object[classid*="D27CDB6E-AE6D-11cf-96B8-444553540000"],object[classid*="d27cdb6e-ae6d-11cf-96b8-444553540000"],object[classid*="D27CDB6E-AE6D-11cf-96B8-444553540000"]{	display: none !important;}</style></html>