20:10:40 <delcypher> #startmeeting Committee members identify themselves
20:10:40 <izqit> Meeting started Sun Feb 10 20:10:40 2013 UTC.  The chair is delcypher. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
20:10:40 <izqit> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #info #idea #link #topic #startvote.
20:10:40 <izqit> The meeting name has been set to 'committee_members_identify_themselves'
20:10:41 <arfoll> i'm trying to get jason to join on his smartphone
20:10:55 <delcypher> #info delcypher is Dan Liew - Secretary
20:11:16 <arfoll> #info arfoll is Brendan Le Foll - Trials Rep
20:11:17 <delcypher> Could committee members identify themselves like I just did?
20:11:30 <delcypher> joe____: Hi Joe we've just started
20:11:39 <joe____> soz im late!
20:11:41 <delcypher> #info joe____ is Joe Baxter - Treasurer/ Muni rep
20:11:41 <krischairperson> #info krischairperson is Kris Abraham
20:12:00 <SimonBerryFlatla> #info SimonBerryFlatland is Simon Berry, Flatland Rep
20:12:09 <delcypher> #topic Road representative
20:12:25 <krischairperson> Before we start can i just say, Its brilliant that we have two potential road reps, it will be very difficult for us to make a decision as to who should be the representative and would like to thank both James and Andrew for showing a interest but we must chose one. However I hope whoever is not successful this evening is not discouraged from playing a active role in the UUU in future, the more active members we have the better i
20:13:12 <arfoll> hi Jasonissostreet
20:13:16 <Jasonissostreet> Have I arrived?
20:13:25 <arfoll> Jasonissostreet: yes
20:13:27 <delcypher> #info As agreed last time we decided to reach out to the unicycle committee to ask someone to stand for road representative. We have two candidates, Andrew Lenden & James Sandercock. Thanks for coming along guys.
20:13:44 <Jasonissostreet> Amazing, thanks for the help brendan
20:13:53 <arfoll> no problem
20:14:27 <delcypher> Earlier on AndrewLenden_ wanted to know if we'd consider having both James & Andrew share the road rep role instead of voting seeing as they're both so keen.
20:14:40 <delcypher> How do others feel?
20:14:54 <arfoll> Are you saying that I bothered to make a voting system on izqit just so that they could *share*?
20:14:58 <arfoll> ARGH!
20:15:05 <delcypher> arfoll: Lol. We still need it anyway
20:15:06 <krischairperson> LOL
20:15:33 <krischairperson> I like the idea and see no reason why not "the more active members we have the better it is for UK Unicycling."
20:15:41 <joe____> i dont think they should share the role sorry
20:15:54 <AndrewLenden_> Does James agree this is ok?
20:15:57 <Jam__> I'd be up for that! Can't think of any downsides of having two of us...
20:16:08 <krischairperson> joe____: why not any down sides?
20:16:10 <arfoll> all joking aside, I'm gonna abstain cause I actually don't care either way
20:16:30 <Jasonissostreet> I'm ok with it
20:16:46 <CJCrates> as long as progress is made, I'm happy with anything too
20:16:56 <joe____> makes no difference to me really, but the whole point of having a rep if to have one point of contact.
20:16:56 <SimonBerryFlatla> I concur
20:17:18 <delcypher> AndrewLenden_: Personally I'm not that keen to have two people holding the role because it makes more work for me. If AndrewLenden_ & Jam__ communicate well with each other though it could work fine.
20:17:20 <arfoll> actually i kind of agree with joe____, one point, also our 'decision' process is already pretty slow...
20:17:38 <SimonBerryFlatla> Well is one of them happy to let the other take more of an in depth role? So they would be tbe point of contact, but both of them could discuss things etc
20:17:52 <joe____> does the role really require two people? just thinking out loud really. ho do you contact. both of them?
20:18:00 <delcypher> arfoll: We're slower than Star Wars Episodes II's plot
20:18:02 <arfoll> SimonBerryFlatla: tbh any member of uuu is welcome to discuss things...
20:18:12 <arfoll> SHALL WE VOTE ON IT?
20:18:22 <CJCrates> wait
20:18:24 <delcypher> joe____: I can sort out the e-mail side of it, the e-mails could be sent to both.
20:18:30 <CJCrates> what do the two have to offer?
20:18:33 <CJCrates> if we have to vote
20:19:07 <delcypher> #startvote Should Andrew Lenden and James Sandercock share the roll? yes no abstain
20:19:07 <izqit> Begin voting on: Should Andrew Lenden and James Sandercock share the roll? Valid vote options are yes, abstain, no.
20:19:07 <izqit> Vote using '#vote OPTION'. Only your last vote counts.
20:19:33 <delcypher> Okay guys I've switched on our new voting system (thanks brendan). You just need to type "#vote <answer>"
20:19:34 <arfoll> delcypher: to abstain you just don't vote ;-)
20:19:41 <joe____> #vote no
20:19:42 <delcypher> arfoll: Doh!
20:19:50 <delcypher> #vote yes
20:19:52 <delcypher> #showvote
20:19:52 <izqit> yes (1): delcypher
20:19:52 <izqit> no (1): joe____
20:19:53 <arfoll> Jasonissostreet: 20:19 <@izqit> Begin voting on: Should Andrew Lenden and James Sandercock share the roll? Valid vote options are yes, abstain, no.
20:19:56 <arfoll> 20:19 <@izqit> Vote using '#vote OPTION'. Only your last vote counts.
20:20:03 <arfoll> #vote no
20:20:09 <delcypher> #showvote
20:20:09 <izqit> yes (1): delcypher
20:20:09 <izqit> no (2): joe____, arfoll
20:20:16 <krischairperson> #vote yes
20:20:21 <delcypher> #showvote
20:20:21 <izqit> yes (2): krischairperson, delcypher
20:20:21 <izqit> no (2): joe____, arfoll
20:20:40 <delcypher> Foobar.... it's down to Simon and Jason
20:21:09 <delcypher> SimonBerryFlatla: Are you there?
20:21:09 <krischairperson> SimonBerryFlatla:
20:21:15 <delcypher> Jasonissostreet: Are you there?
20:21:31 <CJCrates> #vote abstain
20:21:32 <Jasonissostreet> Yes
20:21:39 <SimonBerryFlatla> Yeah I'm here. Will abstaining throw too much of a spanner in the works?
20:21:52 <arfoll> SimonBerryFlatla: its fine as long as Jas votes
20:22:02 <SimonBerryFlatla> #Vote abstain
20:22:17 <delcypher> Jasonissostreet: Please vote on whether or not Andrew and James can share the role. With #vote yes or #vote no
20:22:19 <arfoll> Jasonissostreet: did you get that? we're voting on wether to share the road rep role, ues '#vote yes' or '#vote no'
20:22:20 <delcypher> #showvote
20:22:20 <izqit> yes (2): krischairperson, delcypher
20:22:20 <izqit> abstain (2): SimonBerryFlatla, CJCrates
20:22:20 <izqit> no (2): joe____, arfoll
20:22:43 <Jasonissostreet> #vote yes
20:22:48 <delcypher> #showvote
20:22:48 <izqit> yes (3): Jasonissostreet, krischairperson, delcypher
20:22:48 <izqit> abstain (2): SimonBerryFlatla, CJCrates
20:22:48 <izqit> no (2): joe____, arfoll
20:22:53 <delcypher> #endvote
20:22:53 <izqit> Voted on "Should Andrew Lenden and James Sandercock share the roll?" Results are
20:22:53 <izqit> yes (3): Jasonissostreet, krischairperson, delcypher
20:22:53 <izqit> abstain (2): SimonBerryFlatla, CJCrates
20:22:53 <izqit> no (2): joe____, arfoll
20:23:03 <arfoll> cool, well thats over
20:23:16 <joe____> phew
20:23:16 <delcypher> Okay looks like that's sorted.
20:23:18 <CJCrates> great test-run methinks :D
20:23:31 <krischairperson> I would still like to hear the statements from andrew and james though?
20:23:43 <arfoll> krischairperson: no, we need to speed up the meeting!
20:23:51 <arfoll> they can introduce themselves on the forums...
20:23:54 <krischairperson> arfoll: far enough
20:24:01 <delcypher> arfoll: They have prepared statements. They could post them quickly now.
20:24:21 <delcypher> AndrewLenden_: Could you paste your prepared statement?
20:24:31 <delcypher> Jam__: Could you paste your prepared statement?
20:24:34 * arfoll grumbles... he wants to talk about BUC!
20:24:47 <arfoll> but go on, lets roll
20:25:16 <AndrewLenden_> I would like to be considered for the post of road unicycling representative. I am 38 and have been unicycling for five years and own unis in most popular sizes from 16" through to 36" I have engineered an underslung disc mount and crank mounted disc for my 36. and am currently building a 26" geared jackshaft unicycle. I live in North Wales and unicycle alone and with family on bikes but am keen this year to get involved in some o
20:25:16 <Jam__> Hi all, I’m James Sandercock. I am currently studying my first year of A levels. Road unicycling is my main form of transport. Road unicycling is important to me because it allows me to go outside and see things that I wouldn’t see in a car or perhaps on a bike. It is also important to me because of how it allows me to meet and talk to other people (ok, they’re mostly cyclists who I only speak to for  10 minutes at the most) and it
20:25:19 <delcypher> #action AndrewLenden_ & Jam__ will share the road rep role
20:25:50 <delcypher> Thanks guys.
20:26:01 <CJCrates> how come these statements weren't put forward before the vote?
20:26:04 <arfoll> freenode spam restrictions just cut those statements
20:26:17 <krischairperson> AndrewLenden_: Jam__ Congratulations on becoming Road Representatives for the Union of Uk Unicyclists
20:26:30 <joe____> this is all backwards guys
20:26:30 <AndrewLenden_> Looks like a problem with length of statements. post on forum later?
20:26:46 <delcypher> CJCrates: They were supposed to be given to me before the meeting but I don't think they were ready in time.
20:27:01 <krischairperson> AndrewLenden_: good idea
20:27:03 <delcypher> AndrewLenden_: Yes please post on the forum later.
20:27:07 <arfoll> AndrewLenden_: i think there is a flood limit on IRC/freenode so your statements will have gotten cut to soemthing like 4096 chars
20:27:10 <CJCrates> it's kinda changed my mind about the voting, but ALAS!
20:27:20 <arfoll> anyways move on
20:27:43 <delcypher> #action delcypher will contact AndrewLenden_ & Jam__ about UUU e-mail login after the meeting.
20:27:48 <delcypher> Okay let's move on BUC!
20:27:57 <joe____> okay
20:28:00 <delcypher> #topic BUC: Make contact with Emer from No Fit State
20:28:01 <Jasonissostreet> BUC ftw
20:28:15 <delcypher> krischairperson: Have you managed to make contact with her at all?
20:28:26 <joe____> at the moment i dont know if i will actually be able to attend BUC, theres a good chance ill be in singapore
20:29:05 <delcypher> joe____: That's a shame, but no reason not to help us organise some of it right?
20:29:20 <joe____> oh yeah for sure mate
20:29:24 <krischairperson> delcypher: she starts working there tomorrow
20:29:49 <krischairperson> delcypher: so no not yet but will contact her this week
20:29:51 <arfoll> cool - NEXTT TOPIC
20:29:59 <joe____> im hoping i can make it, but like i say there is a good chance ill be travelling. No reason not to help organising anything though.. theres loads to do
20:30:12 <delcypher> #topic Progress report gaining control of UUU bank account
20:30:44 <joe____> jee the bane of my life atm
20:30:50 <joe____> HSBC fucked up basicly
20:30:53 <delcypher> Oops. I'll need to fix the minutes later.
20:31:12 <krischairperson> I had a call from HSBC apparently the paper work is waiting for me will go in tomorrow to signe it
20:31:16 <delcypher> joe____: Yeah I heard. krischairperson said that HSBC got in contact with him recently.
20:31:33 <joe____> Janice who i have been dealing with up here, who sent the documents which require signing to Kris' HSBC branch couldnt get in contact with them
20:31:39 <krischairperson> delcypher: they actually appologised for there incompatence
20:31:55 <delcypher> #info krischairperson has finally been contacted (after HSBC cock-up). He will sign tomorrow and then get the paperwork passed on to delcypher.
20:31:56 <krischairperson> any way will sign it tomorrow and have it sent to you
20:32:15 <delcypher> joe____: Am I right in remembering that the paperwork needs to be passed to Sarah Miller too?
20:33:11 <joe____> yes sarah will be the last person to sign off the consitution
20:33:27 <delcypher> joe____: ok.
20:33:30 <joe____> that will pass control over to Kris Dan and me
20:33:59 <delcypher> #info Sarah Miller will also need to be contacted by HSBC regarding transfer.
20:34:07 <delcypher> #topic Putting together a fund for BUC
20:34:40 <delcypher> #info delcypher e-mailed the committee members asking for £50 to put into a temporary bank account (whilst the main one is being sorted) to pay for sport hall hire and other BUC things
20:34:57 <delcypher> #info So far delcypher and krischairperson have paid putting the pot at £100
20:35:43 <joe____> can i request not putting £50 in as i dont think ill make it.
20:35:57 <delcypher> joe____: That's fair enough.
20:36:01 <arfoll> i will pay by this evening - unless you'd rather I -50 your debt? (i'm trying to get that sorted tonight)
20:36:14 <joe____> i will cough up if youre desperate for it
20:36:31 <krischairperson> SimonBerryFlatla: are you willing to buy your BUC ticket now @ £50?
20:36:34 <SimonBerryFlatla> I will pay when I have £50 to pay with...
20:36:37 <krischairperson> Jasonissostreet: are you willing to buy your BUC ticket now @ £50?
20:36:52 <SimonBerryFlatla> But yeah i'm happy to do it in advance
20:37:07 <delcypher> arfoll: I'll put £50 in on your behalf brendan, subtract that from what i owe you.
20:37:17 <joe____> when does the money need to be in to secure the hall?
20:37:20 <arfoll> delcypher: cool. then oi've paid ;-)
20:37:36 <krischairperson> joe____: ASAP so we can announce BUC
20:37:38 <Jasonissostreet> I'll try my best but I'm broke at the moment
20:37:44 <delcypher> #info arfoll has paid putting the pot at £150
20:38:07 <joe____> and we need £350?
20:38:11 <krischairperson> delcypher: any news from alan hogan?
20:38:22 <delcypher> krischairperson: I've not heard from him.
20:38:33 <krischairperson> AndrewLenden_: are you thinking of attending BUC?
20:38:46 <krischairperson> Jam__: are you thinking of attending BUC?
20:39:14 <Jam__> I'll try, when/where is it going to be?
20:39:23 <krischairperson> Brittish Unicycle Convention 25th & 26th of may cardiff
20:39:33 <delcypher> joe____: Thanks for offering. We'll see if we can get enough money from committee members. If you don't go I'm sure we can reimburse you.
20:39:44 <AndrewLenden_> No I can't make it this time.
20:39:59 <krischairperson> AndrewLenden_: no problem
20:40:07 <joe____> well if Jas or Simon cant pay for a while we will be short
20:40:27 <joe____> keep me posted
20:41:13 <arfoll> delcypher: is gavin going to pay as well?
20:41:42 <arfoll> we have 3x50 and we are 5x50 short correct?
20:41:51 <Jam__> Should be able to go, providing I can get transport there.
20:42:07 <krischairperson> arfoll: 4.5x£50
20:42:17 <arfoll> krischairperson: how much do we need?
20:42:23 <krischairperson> 375
20:42:34 <krischairperson> £
20:42:52 <delcypher> So we need £225 (375 - 150)
20:43:20 <arfoll> ok so if jas, simon, gav pay we are still short
20:43:45 <arfoll> so we really actually need Jam__ to pay as well and we'd have to advance 25 quid from someone
20:43:59 <Jam__> I'll pay if/when I can.
20:44:04 <delcypher> To get things moving faster if we don't have the money we need by next weekend I'm willing to pay for shortfall but the UUU must promise to pay me back.
20:44:09 <Jam__> Which should be soon.
20:44:14 <delcypher> Jam__: Are you happy to pay £50?
20:44:49 <krischairperson> delcypher: jam just offerd when he has funds
20:45:02 <joe____> im sure someone said if all the committee members paid there would be £450?
20:45:22 <krischairperson> alan hogan? hockey rep?
20:45:37 <joe____> this isnt going to work guys. 'When I get funds' could be any time from now
20:46:27 <Jasonissostreet> Sadly, I'm not in a position to pay £50 right now, I'm really very sorry but paying for food comes first
20:46:31 <delcypher> joe____: When I made that calculation I assumed that every committee member (at that time 9) would pay.
20:46:44 <delcypher> samgoodburn: Hi sam.
20:46:57 <joe____> works in theory Dan
20:47:01 <delcypher> samgoodburn: We're discussing putting money up front for hall hire for BUC.
20:47:05 <krischairperson> samgoodburn: hi sam
20:47:07 <samgoodburn> Hi Dan
20:47:27 <delcypher> samgoodburn: Would you be willing to pay £50 (very soon) to the committee BUC money pot?
20:47:33 <samgoodburn> Okay so my thoughts on this: I am most likely not going to e attending BUC
20:48:13 <arfoll> so over half the comittee can't pay... that probably explains previous BUC failures...
20:48:16 <delcypher> samgoodburn: Oh... which means you won't be wanting to pay £50 to attend :(
20:48:19 <samgoodburn> but I would be willing to lend £100 to make it up to 500 if I could get it back after BUC.
20:48:47 <krischairperson> is anyone going to BUC? Just me dan brendan and Jam?
20:49:05 <delcypher> I'm also willing to lend the UUU money to make up the shortfall provided the UUU pay me back.
20:49:06 <Jasonissostreet> Why not start selling tickets, this is how it's been done in the past
20:49:20 <krischairperson> samgoodburn: how come your not going?
20:49:30 <samgoodburn> I'm going to be touring with a circus
20:49:36 <krischairperson> Jasonissostreet: we have no platform to sell tickets from
20:49:45 <Jam__> If we pay the £50 now, would we still have to pay to get in? Or is that included in the £50?
20:49:54 <arfoll> Jam__: no, that would be your ticket
20:49:55 <delcypher> Jasonissostreet: I'm not really happy selling tickets until we've got a few more things sorted.
20:50:07 <krischairperson> Jasonissostreet: but we are sort of we'r trying to sell them to the commitee
20:51:43 <joe____> cant sell tickets until venue is confirmed. cants confirm venue until we have money from ticket sales
20:51:49 <delcypher> Well it looks like at the moment the shortfall is £175 ( 375 - (150 +50) ) which can be split up amongst Joe, Sam and me.
20:52:19 <arfoll> you can add me to the list
20:52:21 <delcypher> I think that might have to do for now. Putting my money into this gives me even more incentive to not have things screw up.
20:52:27 <samgoodburn> selling tickets means annoucning the BUC and if something falls through we'd have to publicily cancel it and hand back money. If we had things booked before asking people for their money they're more likelt to part with it in my opinino...
20:52:41 <joe____> my only idea is to speak to either sarah miller or JUST to see if there is any money in a pot from pervious BUC to help with this situation?
20:52:57 <arfoll> joe____: well how much is in that bank account?
20:53:23 <joe____> IIRC there was a float for pervious BUCs
20:53:27 <delcypher> joe____: Well the UUU's bank account is for that. There's supposed to be between £100-£500 in there I think...
20:53:28 <samgoodburn> buc 17 was a big sucsess, they got cheap things with their schemes up in the north and got a great turn out
20:53:49 <joe____> as for the amount in the account, im not sure. Ive only been told 'not much'
20:54:07 <Jasonissostreet> I think we could put our heads together and think of some fundraising ideas
20:54:09 <joe____> i dont have any access to the account though
20:54:12 <arfoll> ok alright, can we action joe to find out
20:54:25 <joe____> sure
20:54:43 <delcypher> arfoll: Action joe to find out what?
20:55:12 <arfoll> #action joe____ how much money is 'not much' and is there any spare avaialble from JUST
20:55:23 <joe____> exectly what is in the UUU account and ask Sarah Miller and/or JUST if there is any money left over from pervious BUCs
20:55:55 <delcypher> #info There is a £175 shortfall for hall hire (including payment from James). arfoll delcypher joe____ samgoodburn have said they are happy to pay for the shortfall provided they are paid back
20:56:13 <delcypher> #info Jasonissostreet and SimonBerryFlatla are not sure if they can pay for BUC right now
20:56:31 <delcypher> #action joe____ will speak to Sarah Miller/JUST asking if there is any money left over from previous BUCs
20:56:35 <delcypher> okay let's move on.
20:56:49 <delcypher> #topic sports hall for hockey
20:56:57 <delcypher> krischairperson: So which hall have you picked?
20:57:27 <krischairperson> CAVC Cardiff and Vale Collage, the one Jakub sent pics of over FB
20:57:39 <krischairperson> its the only on e tht said yes
20:58:06 <krischairperson> 25mins bus ride from NFS but its almost door to door
20:58:18 <delcypher> oh right then. Did CAVC say when they would need the money by? Can't we just pay a deposit rather than the whole thing?
20:59:20 <krischairperson> Hmm i will check on that i think we possibly could but would need the money ASAP maybe i could offer to pay £150 now and the rest in a mointh once wev sold a few tickets
20:59:20 <delcypher> samgoodburn: Sorry, congratulations by the way. When are you going to start touring?
20:59:40 <samgoodburn> at the beginning of march :)
20:59:55 <delcypher> samgoodburn: Does that mean we need to find ourselves a new freestyle rep :(
21:00:36 <samgoodburn> not sure, if you think they need to be active at 2013 event then maybe
21:00:49 <samgoodburn> but I can't think of anyone ;)
21:00:58 <arfoll> emily johnston?
21:01:11 <samgoodburn> she doesn't currently own a unicycle
21:01:12 <arfoll> i think we could bully her into running the freestyle
21:01:14 <delcypher> krischairperson: Possibly. I don't want you having to pay for a whole load all by yourself though just incase BUC falls through. I'd be happier if we all lost a small amount of money instead of you loosing a lot.
21:01:40 <delcypher> krischairperson: If all else fails... hold a hockey tournament :p
21:01:44 <samgoodburn> I agree with dan
21:01:47 <arfoll> delcypher: exactly
21:01:51 <joe____> im going to have to go soon guys
21:02:08 <joe____> we need to try having fast paced meetings IMO
21:02:16 <krischairperson> delcypher: agreed but when i said I i meant We
21:02:25 <arfoll> joe____: k, cheers for coming. join on time then ;-)?
21:02:34 <delcypher> Okay I think we should go with our original plan of having shortfall paid by combination of us.
21:02:39 <joe____> i was trying
21:02:41 <arfoll> we spend first 15mins disuccsing who's around ehehe
21:03:00 <delcypher> #action krischairperson will find out if CAVC will need hall paid for in full or if they only need a deposit.
21:03:02 <krischairperson> joe____: agreed work @ 5am cant stay forever
21:03:16 <delcypher> #topic sportshall for freestyle
21:03:17 <joe____> lucky i made it, been drinking since 11am. backed off around 4 though haha
21:03:27 <krischairperson> delcypher: they deffinatly said they need it in full before BUC
21:03:32 <delcypher> This is on the agenda, but I'm pretty sure this is a no.
21:03:32 <arfoll> lol i'm surprised you managed to join the ;-)
21:03:49 <arfoll> delcypher: yeah, no
21:04:01 <delcypher> krischairperson: Damn, right I'll have to fix that in the minutes later.
21:04:05 <arfoll> it ain't happening, lets be honest we probably wont get many freestylers
21:04:32 <arfoll> #chair arfoll
21:04:42 <delcypher> #chair arfoll
21:04:42 <izqit> Current chairs: arfoll delcypher
21:04:44 <joe____> i look forward to getting the minutes. Ill take action tomorrow!
21:04:56 <joe____> sorry and good night x x
21:04:59 <samgoodburn> yeah, in past years there has been a near enough regulation freestyle event with a the full required space
21:05:04 <samgoodburn> night joe!
21:05:31 <arfoll> samgoodburn: problem is usually there was like max 5 contestants...
21:05:34 <krischairperson> samgoodburn: ait coming deffinatly no sports hall for freestyl we can hardly get enough for Hockey and i hope to get at least 25 hockey players turn up!
21:05:36 <samgoodburn> but in my opinion, due to the lack of interest, all the rules and regulations just put people off
21:05:38 <joe____> btw, i wouldnt scrap freestyle. theres a fair few JUST riders only do freestyle
21:05:48 <joe____> JUST freestyle ;)
21:05:50 <arfoll> i suggest we organise a more adhoc one in a small hall and try make it more fun
21:05:55 <delcypher> #info Probably not enough freestyle riders to justify hiring a seperate hall. We will probably have to make do with NFS's hall and have a combined show/ freestyle compeition.
21:06:06 <delcypher> K shall we move on?
21:06:07 <joe____> thats fair enough
21:06:14 <arfoll> #agreed
21:06:29 <delcypher> #topic BUC: special guest
21:06:42 <arfoll> no. we can maybe get the voodoo guys to do a small display?
21:06:52 <arfoll> that could get them some publicity and us a free of charge 'guest'
21:06:57 <Jasonissostreet> I'm sure that wouldn't be a problem
21:07:03 <delcypher> This is where I'm hoping Jasonissostreet and SimonBerryFlatla contacts might come in handy...
21:07:27 <arfoll> we should dfeinately invite as many foreign riders as possible though
21:07:33 <SimonBerryFlatla> That could be cool.
21:07:46 <arfoll> and if anyone awesome comes propose they do a few minutes of demo
21:07:47 <samgoodburn> any one that went to unicon will know a lot of very good people willing to come for a low fee or free i'm sure
21:08:09 <arfoll> s/fee/free. We can't even pay for a hall so lets keep expectations low ;-)
21:08:14 <delcypher> SimonBerryFlatla: Do you know some foriegn riders that would like to come to BUC. I'm sure you'd must know people who would like to come to your flatland comp.
21:08:39 <SimonBerryFlatla> I don't like the idea of having big 'special guests' though. It kind of just feels weird because unicycle events are always a place where whatever ability you can ride together and share skills without it having to be a special guest in front of an audience
21:09:04 <krischairperson> Bombard as many foregners with invites as possible!
21:09:12 <arfoll> SimonBerryFlatla: agree with you totally. maybe this isn't the best idea
21:09:18 <SimonBerryFlatla> A few people at EUC said they'd be up for it. I reckon a fair few French/German/Austrian riders will be up for coming if the Trials/Street/Flat is good
21:09:23 <arfoll> krischairperson: definately
21:09:38 <samgoodburn> tell loads of people that they'd be "special guest"
21:09:46 <arfoll> ahaha yes
21:09:54 <krischairperson> samgoodburn: lol
21:10:19 <delcypher> Okay shall we agree that we'll make VoodooUnicycles special guests but we'll throw invites to as many foriegn riders as we know. They can compete but they can't officially win titles.
21:10:37 <krischairperson> ok can we agree then that everyone uses there contacts to invite as many foregn riders as possible
21:10:38 <delcypher> *They refers to foriegn riders, not VoodooUnicycles.
21:10:38 <arfoll> delcypher: not free invites?
21:11:05 <krischairperson> delcypher: ye but dont write that on the invite
21:11:27 <SimonBerryFlatla> I think we should just advertise the event publically to foreign riders and some will come
21:11:44 <krischairperson> arfoll: its not freethey still have to pay in my oppinion
21:11:44 <samgoodburn> tell foreign riders than they can win 1st place in street, trials,etc but not the british champion title
21:11:50 <delcypher> arfoll: Sorry you talking about Voodoo riders or foriegn riders? I wasn't intending on making entry free to anyone.
21:11:57 <arfoll> #action krischairperson delcypher AndrewLenden_ arfoll Jasonissostreet SimonBerryFlatla Jam__ invite as many foreign riders as possible, by talking about it and welcoming them to the event
21:12:10 <arfoll> delcypher: yup, we're not rich enough to give out free tickets
21:12:31 <arfoll> lets move on, we're taking too long
21:12:32 <SimonBerryFlatla> Yeah I don't like the idea of showing favour to some riders than others
21:12:39 <krischairperson> agreed
21:12:41 <SimonBerryFlatla> Yes let's move on
21:12:56 <krischairperson> if we have to pay so does everyone else
21:13:00 <samgoodburn> I would tell some german freestyle riders.. but i think they'd be dissapointed
21:13:10 <delcypher> #topic Should freestyle be cancelled if there is not enough registered participants by a certain date
21:13:41 <samgoodburn> this is why i think it she be encorperated in a show
21:13:48 <krischairperson> no 2 contestants is a competition
21:13:51 <arfoll> srsly? Who cares, freestyle has always had low participation. I'll do some freestyle if we have low numbers
21:14:02 <delcypher> I'm not sure what the threshold is but if we have at least 2 riders and combine freestyle into the show then we'll be fine.
21:14:11 <arfoll> in fact all comitee members will have to participate in freestyle if numbers are low
21:14:17 <arfoll> ^ krischairperson ?
21:14:23 <samgoodburn> agreed
21:14:24 <delcypher> arfoll: Lol constitutional rule
21:14:25 <SimonBerryFlatla> 2 participants is a comp (i'll also enter) but is a comp of 2 people viable financially?
21:14:33 <krischairperson> yep i can ride backwards!!!
21:14:40 <arfoll> SimonBerryFlatla: theres no cost, it wouldnt be in a special hall
21:14:49 <SimonBerryFlatla> Fair play
21:14:54 <samgoodburn> what is there is 1 competitior who has planned a routine?
21:15:10 <arfoll> samgoodburn: then he proabbly ends up winning?
21:15:14 <SimonBerryFlatla> I will have a planned routine (for real)
21:15:28 <samgoodburn> it still goes a head then
21:15:33 <delcypher> SimonBerryFlatla: It would just be flatland in disguise ;)
21:15:52 <samgoodburn> i'll get someone to video call me so I can watch you
21:15:58 <arfoll> delcypher: flatland is freestyle except they fall over all the time ;--)
21:16:07 <samgoodburn> BOOM
21:16:09 <SimonBerryFlatla> Not at all! Freestyle routine based around wheelwalking and coasting, flatlandd around rolls, flips and spins. the borders may cross each other slightly though ;)
21:16:28 <delcypher> #info Freestyle will go ahead as part of a combined show. If numbers are low several committee members are willing to participate
21:16:31 <SimonBerryFlatla> Freestyle isn't a free style if we get pissy about what tricks are done.
21:16:50 <delcypher> #topic What traders should we have at BUC? Should we charge them? If so how much?
21:16:51 <arfoll> ^ exactly. hence why I think flat is basically freestyle...
21:17:04 <samgoodburn> offically freestyle can be on any unicycle its just performing
21:17:11 <samgoodburn> you can do trials
21:17:23 <arfoll> samgoodburn: are you allowed to bring in pallets though?
21:17:27 * arfoll imagines a routine
21:17:36 <samgoodburn> i think you get an allocated set up and removal time
21:17:45 <samgoodburn> so if you're quick you could
21:18:03 <arfoll> we dont have space for many traders, but obviously we should try get Unicycle.com and maybe people like oddballs? Like two vendors would be great
21:18:03 <delcypher> Anyway guys can stick to the new topic.
21:18:14 <krischairperson> Should we invite UDC oddballs and Butterfingers i dont think its reasonable to charge them
21:18:30 <krischairperson> as we dont know about numbers
21:18:39 <arfoll> I think they just have to pay competitor prices for everyone that turns up and thats it
21:18:51 <arfoll> and give me some free shit ;-)
21:18:53 <SimonBerryFlatla> agreed
21:18:56 <delcypher> krischairperson: That's a fair point
21:19:06 <krischairperson> arfoll: that sounds fair
21:19:10 <samgoodburn> provide things for a raffle/ prizes??
21:19:31 <arfoll> actually samgoodburn makes a godo point, maybe they can each contribute to a prize?
21:19:33 <SimonBerryFlatla> UDC sponsored the Voodoo League last year, should we ask if they could provide prizes for BUC too?
21:19:46 <samgoodburn> in return for trading
21:19:55 <delcypher> SimonBerryFlatla: Yeah that seems like a nice idea.
21:20:09 <samgoodburn> good ideas simon :P
21:20:14 <krischairperson> i like thhat 2!
21:20:16 <arfoll> like 1st in street,flat,trials,freestyle,muni & hockey?
21:20:36 <samgoodburn> 1st is a UDC prize 2nd is butterfingers third is an oddballs
21:20:50 <arfoll> samgoodburn: but in what discipline?
21:21:03 <delcypher> Do oddballs and butterfingers do unicycle related stuff.
21:21:12 <krischairperson> yes
21:21:13 <CJCrates> oddballs do
21:21:23 <delcypher> Imagine you just got second place in trials and you get handed a diablo... how annoyed would you be
21:21:24 <CJCrates> but they barely have a clue
21:21:32 <samgoodburn> they do, but they wouldn't bring it because they're mostly suplied by UDC anyway so they're stock would be pointless
21:21:50 <arfoll> i dont think we can realistically expect 3 prizes in each discipline can we?
21:22:13 <arfoll> anyways why dont we ask them what they'd be willing to contribute and instead try get them to just pay entry fees?
21:22:28 <arfoll> also can we bully them into bringing loaner quax mini bikes? Cause they're great fun
21:22:46 <krischairperson> lets just agree to invite 3 stall and see what there response is!
21:22:56 <krischairperson> sorry shall we?
21:23:13 <samgoodburn> yeah
21:23:14 <samgoodburn> okay
21:23:22 <arfoll> #action krischairperson will invite 3 vendors and see what their response is
21:23:39 <krischairperson> #agreed
21:23:42 <delcypher> #info likely vendors will be UDC, Oddballs and Butterfingers
21:24:02 <delcypher> Do we ask the vendors for prizes or not?
21:24:23 <krischairperson> i will drop it in to conversation yes
21:25:04 <arfoll> i would just position it as 'would be great if you could contribute to some prizes for the competitions'
21:25:25 <krischairperson> arfoll: agreed
21:25:27 <arfoll> also can you mention that advertising banners for the trials comp would be welcome? I think they make it look awesome
21:25:33 <samgoodburn> sounds good
21:25:40 <krischairperson> ok
21:26:09 <delcypher> #action krischairperson will contact vendors asking if they would be willing to contribute prizes (also ask about a banner for trials course)
21:26:47 <delcypher> So what have we agreed to do regarding charging. Are we just charging vendors competitor entry fee?
21:27:41 <arfoll> yeah, each 'vendor' will have to pay 50 quid
21:28:02 <arfoll> per person at the stall/comp
21:28:21 <delcypher> #action Vendors will charged competitor rate per person at stall
21:28:35 <samgoodburn> per person attending the convention
21:28:36 <delcypher> #topic Competitive event organisation
21:29:07 <delcypher> #info freestyle, flatland, hockey, street and trials need organising
21:29:23 <delcypher> I presume each of the reps are happy to organise their event.
21:29:38 <samgoodburn> issue being I won't be there.
21:29:54 <Jasonissostreet> Yep, happy to as long as it doesn't conflict with me competing
21:29:57 <delcypher> Although we have a problem with freestyle and hockey.
21:30:05 <SimonBerryFlatla> Yeah I'm cool with that. I need to go now, but just for the record, if we work out a space and time in the weekend for Flatland i'm happy to organise it
21:30:31 <arfoll> Yeah i'm good. I'm also willing to lend a hand in freestyle stuff
21:30:36 <delcypher> SimonBerryFlatla: How long does a flatland event normally last.
21:30:59 <delcypher> Jasonissostreet: Yeah. The intension is you'd organise who would be judging before hand so you can compete.
21:31:15 <Jasonissostreet> Awesome, I'm definitely down for that then
21:31:53 <SimonBerryFlatla> Depends on the number of competitors and stuff. If i come up with some predicted figures i couild work it out. Each competitor has a 1 minute prelim, but with their last trick it's probably 3 minutes per person. then a break while the judges narrow it to 8 people, then the battles will last about an hour I guess
21:32:19 <krischairperson> Im happy to orcustrate the Hockey but means i will be MIA for the whole of saturday
21:32:22 <delcypher> I think hockey is going to be a combination of krischairperson and Liam McNally
21:32:50 <AndrewLenden_> My apologies I need to go. Jam_ I suggest we look at each others statements and get in touch regarding our first steps. Good night everyone and thankyou!
21:32:50 <krischairperson> delcypher: AGREED
21:32:54 <delcypher> krischairperson: Well are you more interested in hockey or the other sports? The hockey guys seem quite good at organising themselves.
21:33:05 <delcypher> AndrewLenden_: Goodnight. Thanks for coming along.
21:33:07 <krischairperson> HOCKEY
21:33:16 <krischairperson> caps lock hockey
21:33:20 <delcypher> then that's settled.
21:33:25 <SimonBerryFlatla> I'm off too, good night all :)
21:33:34 <arfoll> AndrewLenden_: sorry for overruning - again - nice to meet you and g'night!
21:33:44 <arfoll> ok so basically end of meeting no?
21:33:47 <delcypher> #action krischairperson will organise hockey (in collaboration with players)
21:33:57 <delcypher> #action Jasonissostreet will organise street comp
21:34:14 <delcypher> #action SimonBerryFatla will organise flatland
21:34:42 <delcypher> arfoll: Probably. I just need to get the last few bits #action notes in for the minutes
21:34:49 <Jam__> AndrewLenden_: Ok, I'll get in touch! Goodnight!
21:35:08 <delcypher> arfoll: I take it you'd like some help organising trials as it is the most amount of work?
21:35:17 <arfoll> delcypher: yes please
21:35:29 <krischairperson> arfoll: speed trials?
21:35:35 <delcypher> #action arfoll and delcypher will organise trials
21:35:41 <arfoll> i expect most of the work would be on friday/saturday setting up tbh
21:36:00 <delcypher> krischairperson: I think it's dependent on if we can get the necessary obstacles
21:36:11 <delcypher> arfoll: We'd also need to find markers
21:36:11 <krischairperson> true
21:36:14 <arfoll> speed trials will be done if we can get the materials
21:36:36 <arfoll> delcypher: i have a few ideas for that, but yes
21:37:01 <delcypher> #info freestyle organisation is uncertain at the moment but arfoll has offered to help
21:37:13 <delcypher> Okay shall we end the meeting here?
21:37:23 <arfoll> what did you also want to talk about?
21:37:33 <samgoodburn> awesome
21:37:54 <delcypher> There is still stuff on the agenda, but I think it's probably best if we leave it here.
21:38:03 <Jasonissostreet> Sounds good
21:38:03 <delcypher> I'll have to save it for the next meeting.
21:38:12 <delcypher> arfoll: agreed?
21:38:23 <krischairperson> cool ill be in touch in the week check your emails guys!!!!
21:38:28 <arfoll> delcypher: sure
21:38:31 <delcypher> #endmeeting