=======================
##UUU: 10th UUU meeting
=======================


Meeting started by delcypher at 19:00:44 UTC.  The full logs are
available at uuu/2013/uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html .



Meeting summary
---------------

* present  (delcypher, 19:00:59)
  * delcypher is Dan Liew (Secretary)  (delcypher, 19:01:28)
  * gkmac is Gavin MacGregor (Webmaster)  (gkmac, 19:01:46)
  * Big_ is Joe Baxter  (Big_, 19:02:08)
  * jimmy_ is James Sandercock (Road)  (jimmy__, 19:02:12)
  * Jason Auld (Street yo)  (VoodooJason, 19:02:55)
  * KrisChairAbraham is Kris Abraham (Chairperson)  (delcypher,
    19:03:09)

* Street, trials, freestyle, flatland, muni and road reps need to take
  ownership of their website sections ( and learn how to edit it).
  Should we add a muni one? Note Flatland section is now there
  (delcypher, 19:03:27)
  * krischairabraham is kris Abraham  (KrisChairAbraham, 19:04:25)
  * LINK: http://www.unicycle.org.uk/muni  (gkmac, 19:05:21)
  * ACTION: gkmac will send an e-mail to committee members explaining
    how to edit their discipline pages.  (delcypher, 19:07:05)

* Out of date club listings on website?  (delcypher, 19:07:32)
  * ACTION: gkmac will work to move club listings over to doku wiki
    infrastructure that will be semi-publically editable.  (delcypher,
    19:14:20)

* BUC meeting With NFS potentially going to be first week in november in
  London (who can make it?  (delcypher, 19:15:23)
  * ACTION: KrisChairAbraham will find out about NFS meeting dates to
    discuss BUC and created a doodle for it  (delcypher, 19:20:21)

* BUC DATE, we need to decide on a date or at least a selection of dates
  that are appropriate for buc 2014, the sooner we do this the better
  since it’s very hard to advertise without a date.  (delcypher,
  19:20:53)
  * ACTION: delcypher will create a poll for August(minus unicon
    weekends), september & October. This poll will be promoted on
    fb/twitter to try and gauge public opinion  (delcypher, 19:34:13)

* Muni. I think we should try and incorporate a comp or at least a ride
  next year.  (delcypher, 19:36:19)
  * ACTION: Big_ will investigate the possibility of holding a muni
    event for BUC2014 in Cardiff.  (delcypher, 19:39:30)
  * ACTION: Big_ will also investigate the different methods of running
    a muni comp  (delcypher, 19:43:34)

* Assistance and delegation (we really need more help from attendees)
  (delcypher, 19:43:47)
  * BUC2013 was seriously under-staffed. We need to be a lot better
    about this and delegate!  (delcypher, 19:44:28)
  * - logging onto Paddy Power and putting a £10 on Edd winning Muni...
    he wins everything else!  (Big_, 19:44:41)
  * ACTION: delcypher will create a spreadsheet for BUC tasks/assignment
    (delcypher, 19:52:43)

* Bank account status  (delcypher, 19:52:51)
  * ACTION: Big_ will visit his local HSBC branch soon to try and
    resolve the banking SNAFU  (delcypher, 19:56:51)

* Payment options – Can we sort out our own payment this year to make
  the process  (delcypher, 19:57:04)
  * Not resolved in time. Will be discussed next time.  (delcypher,
    20:06:50)



Meeting ended at 20:06:54 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* Big_
  * Big_ will investigate the possibility of holding a muni event for
    BUC2014 in Cardiff.
  * Big_ will also investigate the different methods of running a muni
    comp
  * Big_ will visit his local HSBC branch soon to try and resolve the
    banking SNAFU
* delcypher
  * delcypher will create a poll for August(minus unicon weekends),
    september & October. This poll will be promoted on fb/twitter to try
    and gauge public opinion
  * delcypher will create a spreadsheet for BUC tasks/assignment
* gkmac
  * gkmac will send an e-mail to committee members explaining how to
    edit their discipline pages.
  * gkmac will work to move club listings over to doku wiki
    infrastructure that will be semi-publically editable.
* krischairabraham
  * KrisChairAbraham will find out about NFS meeting dates to discuss
    BUC and created a doodle for it
* KrisChairAbraham
  * KrisChairAbraham will find out about NFS meeting dates to discuss
    BUC and created a doodle for it



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* delcypher (106)
* Big_ (57)
* arfoll (48)
* KrisChairAbraham (35)
* VoodooJason (26)
* gkmac (22)
* krischairabraham (16)
* sweynh (16)
* izqit (4)
* jimmy__ (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4