<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<!-- saved from url=(0063)http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.html -->
<html><head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">

<title>##uuu: Seventh IRC UUU meeting. BUC2013</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
<style type="text/css"></style></head>

<body>
<h1>##uuu: Seventh IRC UUU meeting. BUC2013</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by delcypher at 18:29:37 UTC
(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">trials/street course design</b> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-5">delcypher</a>, 18:29:54)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Discuss
    later</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-13">delcypher</a>,
    18:31:32)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Hockey relocation</b> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-14">delcypher</a>, 18:31:41)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Just incase people here aren't aware. Hockey
    for BUC is being relocated to the NFS building because we haven't
    had enough hockey people sign-up.</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-15">delcypher</a>,
    18:32:20)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">chairperson
    will contact CAVC and inform them we no longer wish to hire the
    hall.</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-21">delcypher</a>,
    18:34:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">There's a draft e-mail in the works that
    informs convention goers of various things.
    https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/1qVX3ZtqH2pT1V3DHSD12oO_90RUGnMBofMr11V59_xk/edit?usp=drive_web</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-24">delcypher</a>,
    18:35:32)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Trials/Street course. Materials and design.</b> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-35">delcypher</a>, 18:39:56)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">arfoll has prepared a list of materials and a
    rough design for the trials course.</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-37">delcypher</a>,
    18:40:34)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">arfoll will
    nag jason to give proper details of required street course</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-71">delcypher</a>,
    18:47:35)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">delcypher
    will send the trials list to Clare from NoFitState tonight.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-82">delcypher</a>,
    18:50:23)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">SimonBerry
    and Jason will work out what materials are needed for the street
    course a.s.a.p</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-103">delcypher</a>,
    19:00:50)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Trials course
    will share some parts of street course.</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-117">delcypher</a>,
    19:06:03)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Workshop and hockey scheduling.</b> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-128">delcypher</a>, 19:10:41)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Now that hockey is going to be at NFS on
    saturday we need to work out how to schedule this along with the
    workshops and a "muck around" space.</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-130">delcypher</a>,
    19:11:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Hockey will be run from 10-3 in parallel with
    workshops</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-154">delcypher</a>,
    19:17:31)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Downstairs hall will be used for
    workshops/sillygames/muck-around space on Saturday</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-155">delcypher</a>,
    19:17:57)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Video competition</b> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-159">delcypher</a>, 19:18:42)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">There is going to be a video competition which
    we need to announce a.s.ap. Is everyone okay with the rules. They
    can be found in
    https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/1qVX3ZtqH2pT1V3DHSD12oO_90RUGnMBofMr11V59_xk/edit</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-161">delcypher</a>,
    19:19:20)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">delcypher
    will send out emails/facebook/twitter info about video comp</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-166">delcypher</a>,
    19:20:10)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Day tickets</b> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-169">delcypher</a>, 19:21:44)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">We will be selling day tickets (Â£25) for
    non-competitors to attend for one day.</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-171">delcypher</a>,
    19:22:12)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Mock up t-shirt designs for organisers</b> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-172">delcypher</a>, 19:22:38)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">A quick mockup for organiser t-shirt design has
    been made. Thoughts?</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-175">delcypher</a>,
    19:23:07)</span></li>
  <li><a href="https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/file/d/0B2RZnOajrg2DTmU3eG9kQ1JGc1U/edit?usp=sharing">https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/file/d/0B2RZnOajrg2DTmU3eG9kQ1JGc1U/edit?usp=sharing</a>
    <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-192">delcypher</a>,
    19:26:53)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">chairperson
    will look into how much it will cost to produce 20-30 t-shirts
    (possibly different colours: one for organisers and another of
    people to buy). Purchasing will be delayed until we know more about
    trials/street course as we may need money for that.</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-228">delcypher</a>,
    19:39:41)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Printed information (first aid, food, water points, map..etc.) leaflets/timetables for attendees.</b> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-229">delcypher</a>, 19:39:51)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">delcypher
    will design leaflets to give to attendes with info on</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-233">delcypher</a>,
    19:41:08)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">chairperson
    will print them</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-234">delcypher</a>,
    19:41:14)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">PA</b> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-246">delcypher</a>, 19:44:25)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">delcypher
    will Contact Clare from NFS about revised plan for PA.</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-252">delcypher</a>,
    19:46:26)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Judges need for Street, flatland and freestyle</b> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-253">delcypher</a>, 19:46:46)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Certificates for competition winners? Trophies yes/no? Award during show?</b> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-265">delcypher</a>, 19:51:00)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">certificates will be awarded during show</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-268">delcypher</a>,
    19:51:49)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Hockey mini-tournament</b> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-277">delcypher</a>, 19:54:16)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">The hockey mini-tournament is not regarded as a
    competition so non-competitiors may take part.</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-286">delcypher</a>,
    19:56:33)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">How are we going to go about splitting tasks between ourselves and volunteers so we know who should be where and when.</b> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-288">delcypher</a>, 19:56:41)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">delcypher
    will try to fix the schedule, then workout what tasks need doing and
    then workout where each committee member/NFS staff will be during
    the day. Finally we can then contact the people who volunteered and
    see if they'd be interested in doing any of the remaining
    tasks.</span> <span class="details">(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html#l-301">delcypher</a>,
    20:01:44)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 20:01:55 UTC
(<a href="http://www.madeo.co.uk/files/uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Discuss later</li>
  <li>chairperson will contact CAVC and inform them we no longer wish to hire the hall.</li>
  <li>arfoll will nag jason to give proper details of required street course</li>
  <li>delcypher will send the trials list to Clare from NoFitState tonight.</li>
  <li>SimonBerry and Jason will work out what materials are needed for the street course a.s.a.p</li>
  <li>Trials course will share some parts of street course.</li>
  <li>delcypher will send out emails/facebook/twitter info about video comp</li>
  <li>chairperson will look into how much it will cost to produce 20-30 t-shirts (possibly different colours: one for organisers and another of people to buy). Purchasing will be delayed until we know more about trials/street course as we may need money for that.</li>
  <li>delcypher will design leaflets to give to attendes with info on</li>
  <li>chairperson will print them</li>
  <li>delcypher will Contact Clare from NFS about revised plan for PA.</li>
  <li>delcypher will try to fix the schedule, then workout what tasks need doing and then workout where each committee member/NFS staff will be during the day. Finally we can then contact the people who volunteered and see if they'd be interested in doing any of the remaining tasks.</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> arfoll <ol>
    <li>arfoll will nag jason to give proper details of required street course</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> chairperson <ol>
    <li>chairperson will contact CAVC and inform them we no longer wish to hire the hall.</li>
    <li>chairperson will look into how much it will cost to produce 20-30 t-shirts (possibly different colours: one for organisers and another of people to buy). Purchasing will be delayed until we know more about trials/street course as we may need money for that.</li>
    <li>chairperson will print them</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> delcypher <ol>
    <li>delcypher will send the trials list to Clare from NoFitState tonight.</li>
    <li>delcypher will send out emails/facebook/twitter info about video comp</li>
    <li>delcypher will design leaflets to give to attendes with info on</li>
    <li>delcypher will Contact Clare from NFS about revised plan for PA.</li>
    <li>delcypher will try to fix the schedule, then workout what tasks need doing and then workout where each committee member/NFS staff will be during the day. Finally we can then contact the people who volunteered and see if they'd be interested in doing any of the remaining tasks.</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> SimonBerry <ol>
    <li>SimonBerry and Jason will work out what materials are needed for the street course a.s.a.p</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>Discuss later</li>
    <li>Trials course will share some parts of street course.</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>delcypher (143)</li>
  <li>arfoll (90)</li>
  <li>chairperson (45)</li>
  <li>SimonBerry (18)</li>
  <li>izqit (8)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>

</body><style type="text/css">embed[type*="application/x-shockwave-flash"],embed[src*=".swf"],object[type*="application/x-shockwave-flash"],object[codetype*="application/x-shockwave-flash"],object[src*=".swf"],object[codebase*="swflash.cab"],object[classid*="D27CDB6E-AE6D-11cf-96B8-444553540000"],object[classid*="d27cdb6e-ae6d-11cf-96b8-444553540000"],object[classid*="D27CDB6E-AE6D-11cf-96B8-444553540000"]{	display: none !important;}</style></html>