<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>##UUU: 10th UUU meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>##UUU: 10th UUU meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by delcypher at 19:00:44 UTC
(<a href="uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">present</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-5'>delcypher</a>, 19:00:59)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">delcypher is Dan Liew (Secretary)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-8'>delcypher</a>,
    19:01:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">gkmac is Gavin MacGregor (Webmaster)</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-9'>gkmac</a>, 19:01:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Big_ is Joe Baxter</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-10'>Big_</a>, 19:02:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">jimmy_ is James Sandercock (Road)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-11'>jimmy__</a>,
    19:02:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Jason Auld (Street yo)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-12'>VoodooJason</a>,
    19:02:55)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">KrisChairAbraham is Kris Abraham
    (Chairperson)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-13'>delcypher</a>,
    19:03:09)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Street, trials, freestyle, flatland, muni and road reps need to take ownership of their website sections ( and learn how to edit it). Should we add a muni one? Note Flatland section is now there</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-14'>delcypher</a>, 19:03:27)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">krischairabraham is kris Abraham</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-19'>KrisChairAbraham</a>,
    19:04:25)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://www.unicycle.org.uk/muni">http://www.unicycle.org.uk/muni</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-25'>gkmac</a>,
    19:05:21)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">gkmac will
    send an e-mail to committee members explaining how to edit their
    discipline pages.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-36'>delcypher</a>,
    19:07:05)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Out of date club listings on website?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-38'>delcypher</a>, 19:07:32)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">gkmac will
    work to move club listings over to doku wiki infrastructure that
    will be semi-publically editable.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-66'>delcypher</a>,
    19:14:20)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">BUC meeting With NFS potentially going to be first week in november in London (who can make it?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-71'>delcypher</a>, 19:15:23)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span
    class="ACTION">KrisChairAbraham will find out about NFS meeting
    dates to discuss BUC and created a doodle for it</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-99'>delcypher</a>,
    19:20:21)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">BUC DATE, we need to decide on a date or at least a selection of dates that are appropriate for buc 2014, the sooner we do this the better since it’s very hard to advertise without a date.</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-102'>delcypher</a>, 19:20:53)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">delcypher
    will create a poll for August(minus unicon weekends), september
    &amp; October. This poll will be promoted on fb/twitter to try and
    gauge public opinion</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-163'>delcypher</a>,
    19:34:13)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Muni. I think we should try and incorporate a comp or at least a ride next year.</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-181'>delcypher</a>, 19:36:19)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Big_ will
    investigate the possibility of holding a muni event for BUC2014 in
    Cardiff.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-202'>delcypher</a>,
    19:39:30)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Big_ will
    also investigate the different methods of running a muni comp</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-225'>delcypher</a>,
    19:43:34)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Assistance and delegation (we really need more help from attendees)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-226'>delcypher</a>, 19:43:47)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">BUC2013 was seriously under-staffed. We need to
    be a lot better about this and delegate!</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-227'>delcypher</a>,
    19:44:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">- logging onto Paddy Power and putting a £10 on
    Edd winning Muni... he wins everything else!</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-228'>Big_</a>,
    19:44:41)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">delcypher
    will create a spreadsheet for BUC tasks/assignment</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-257'>delcypher</a>,
    19:52:43)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Bank account status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-258'>delcypher</a>, 19:52:51)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Big_ will
    visit his local HSBC branch soon to try and resolve the banking
    SNAFU</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-280'>delcypher</a>,
    19:56:51)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Payment options – Can we sort out our own payment this year to make the process</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-281'>delcypher</a>, 19:57:04)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Not resolved in time. Will be discussed next
    time.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html#l-330'>delcypher</a>,
    20:06:50)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 20:06:54 UTC
(<a href="uuu.2013-10-16-19.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>gkmac will send an e-mail to committee members explaining how to edit their discipline pages.</li>
  <li>gkmac will work to move club listings over to doku wiki infrastructure that will be semi-publically editable.</li>
  <li>KrisChairAbraham will find out about NFS meeting dates to discuss BUC and created a doodle for it</li>
  <li>delcypher will create a poll for August(minus unicon weekends), september &amp; October. This poll will be promoted on fb/twitter to try and gauge public opinion</li>
  <li>Big_ will investigate the possibility of holding a muni event for BUC2014 in Cardiff.</li>
  <li>Big_ will also investigate the different methods of running a muni comp</li>
  <li>delcypher will create a spreadsheet for BUC tasks/assignment</li>
  <li>Big_ will visit his local HSBC branch soon to try and resolve the banking SNAFU</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> Big_ <ol>
    <li>Big_ will investigate the possibility of holding a muni event for BUC2014 in Cardiff.</li>
    <li>Big_ will also investigate the different methods of running a muni comp</li>
    <li>Big_ will visit his local HSBC branch soon to try and resolve the banking SNAFU</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> delcypher <ol>
    <li>delcypher will create a poll for August(minus unicon weekends), september &amp; October. This poll will be promoted on fb/twitter to try and gauge public opinion</li>
    <li>delcypher will create a spreadsheet for BUC tasks/assignment</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> gkmac <ol>
    <li>gkmac will send an e-mail to committee members explaining how to edit their discipline pages.</li>
    <li>gkmac will work to move club listings over to doku wiki infrastructure that will be semi-publically editable.</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> krischairabraham <ol>
    <li>KrisChairAbraham will find out about NFS meeting dates to discuss BUC and created a doodle for it</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> KrisChairAbraham <ol>
    <li>KrisChairAbraham will find out about NFS meeting dates to discuss BUC and created a doodle for it</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>delcypher (106)</li>
  <li>Big_ (57)</li>
  <li>arfoll (48)</li>
  <li>KrisChairAbraham (35)</li>
  <li>VoodooJason (26)</li>
  <li>gkmac (22)</li>
  <li>krischairabraham (16)</li>
  <li>sweynh (16)</li>
  <li>izqit (4)</li>
  <li>jimmy__ (3)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
