18:29:37 <delcypher> #startmeeting Seventh IRC UUU meeting. BUC2013
18:29:37 <izqit> Meeting started Sat May  4 18:29:37 2013 UTC.  The chair is delcypher. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
18:29:37 <izqit> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #info #idea #link #topic #startvote.
18:29:37 <izqit> The meeting name has been set to 'seventh_irc_uuu_meeting__buc2013'
18:29:54 <delcypher> #topic trials/street course design
18:30:04 <arfoll> ok, I started something
18:30:05 <delcypher> arfoll: Any luck with coming up with a list
18:30:07 <arfoll> let me share it
18:30:17 <delcypher> arfoll: Ok. Gdocs?
18:30:19 <arfoll> im not on my pc so will take 1
18:31:11 <delcypher> Shall we discuss something else whilst Brendan is sorting that out?
18:31:18 <arfoll> yes plz
18:31:32 <delcypher> #action Discuss later
18:31:41 <delcypher> #topic Hockey relocation
18:32:20 <delcypher> #info Just incase people here aren't aware. Hockey for BUC is being relocated to the NFS building because we haven't had enough hockey people sign-up.
18:32:41 <arfoll> i think thats sensible
18:32:51 <chairperson> iv spoken to Liam who is in agreement and seems hapy with the idea
18:33:02 <delcypher> chairperson: Kris are you happy to contact the CAVC people and tell them we don't want the hall anymore?
18:33:36 <chairperson> need to send a email to the hocky lot (BC) to explain incase there planning on showing up on the day
18:33:40 <chairperson> delcypher: yes
18:34:03 <delcypher> #action chairperson will contact CAVC and inform them we no longer wish to hire the hall.
18:34:36 <delcypher> chairperson: I intend to update the website with a bunch of information too, but we need to sort a bunch of stuff out before we do that.
18:35:24 <chairperson> ok
18:35:32 <delcypher> #info There's a draft e-mail in the works that informs convention goers of various things. https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/1qVX3ZtqH2pT1V3DHSD12oO_90RUGnMBofMr11V59_xk/edit?usp=drive_web
18:35:42 * arfoll has just emailed the current BUC trials plan
18:36:03 <delcypher> chairperson: There's a small bit for you to fill in about the hockey. You're better at putting a positive spin on these things.
18:37:09 <delcypher> chairperson: Can you get that done by Monday so I can send it off?
18:37:31 <chairperson> delcypher: ye iv seen it sorry for the delay iv been buisy but will do befor tuesday
18:37:41 <chairperson> ok monday :-)
18:38:01 <chairperson> arfoll: 10 cable reels might be pushing it
18:38:23 <delcypher> arfoll: Cool I'm just opening up your document. I've moved it into our shared BUC2013 folder.
18:38:51 <arfoll> chairperson: I know, thats why its got the tilde
18:39:15 <arfoll> but anyways, its my ideal wishlist, well see what happens. Also there are very small reels
18:39:35 <delcypher> right let's move on.
18:39:56 <delcypher> #topic Trials/Street course. Materials and design.
18:40:22 <arfoll> so both of you already saw the document
18:40:34 <delcypher> #info arfoll has prepared a list of materials and a rough design for the trials course.
18:40:39 <arfoll> i'm being hopeful obviously, tbh i'll make do with what turns up on the day
18:40:48 <arfoll> I need to know how many pallets jason wants
18:41:09 <arfoll> 30-40 is not so many for me and I guess he'll want at least 10
18:41:34 <delcypher> arfoll: When Kris & I spoke to Clare from NFS she told us it's unlikely that they'll be able to get hold of a car :(
18:41:37 <chairperson> arfoll: is ~ a tilde? you learn somthing every day!
18:41:48 <arfoll> chairperson: aye
18:41:53 <arfoll> delcypher: well that sucks
18:42:10 <arfoll> lets add +10 pallets and well make a car out of pallets then
18:42:21 <arfoll> I will also phone scrap yard and see if we cant get one
18:42:27 <arfoll> I'd reallz like a scrap car
18:42:44 <delcypher> arfoll: How would we get rid of it afterwards?? Drive home what's left of it?
18:42:49 * arfoll is on swiss keyboard so sorry...
18:43:19 <arfoll> delcypher: no, pay a scrappy to loan us a dead car. We'd pay for the transport of it, he gets money for doing nothing... i'm hoping we can convince one
18:43:37 <delcypher> okay.
18:43:39 <arfoll> and at the end of the day, the metal of the car would still be the same
18:43:50 <arfoll> but NFS said they could get us one when we went there
18:43:58 <arfoll> cause thez had connectinons to scrappy
18:44:12 <arfoll> it was their idea to start with hence why im really pushing it
18:44:41 <delcypher> arfoll: Are you happy to nag Jason and find out what he needs for the street course? He's not that easy to get hold of.
18:45:03 <delcypher> arfoll: I can provide a sidehop bar by the way.
18:45:15 <arfoll> delcypher: cool that would be good for high jump
18:45:16 <chairperson> arfoll: it was lyns idea and now we are dealing with clare, have to see what stuff she comes back with but we need materials asap
18:45:36 <arfoll> chairperson: could we not ping Lynn about it?
18:46:04 <arfoll> delcypher: ok I can do that,
18:46:12 <delcypher> arfoll: I can do what?
18:46:18 <chairperson> ye we will, lets see what clare comes up with next week and then go to lyn in nesissary. i have faith in clare though
18:46:33 <arfoll> delcypher: contact jason
18:46:42 <delcypher> fine.... grumble.
18:46:45 <arfoll> and please lets push teh car thing, dont start with I thought we couldnt
18:46:57 <delcypher> #action delcypher will nag jason to give proper details of required street course
18:47:07 <arfoll> delcypher: I meant i will do that!
18:47:26 <delcypher> #undo
18:47:26 <izqit> Removing item from minutes: <ircmeeting.items.Action object at 0x5786f0>
18:47:35 <delcypher> #action arfoll will nag jason to give proper details of required street course
18:47:46 <arfoll> ungrumpb?
18:48:35 <delcypher> Ok, great we have a list. So shall we send it to Clare once we've all had a proper read of it?
18:48:52 <delcypher> SimonBerry: Are you alive?
18:49:02 <SimonBerry> Very much so
18:49:13 <arfoll> #agreed
18:49:19 <chairperson> delcypher: im happy with the list if you guys are obviously i have nothing to add
18:49:19 <SimonBerry> I agree that a car would be sick for trials, could base a lot of lines around it
18:49:28 <delcypher> SimonBerry: Cool, just checking.
18:49:33 <arfoll> I know ie asked for a lot, but you cant get what you dont ask for!
18:49:58 <delcypher> Alright. I'll have a full read of it tonight and then I'll send it to Clare
18:50:23 <delcypher> #action delcypher will send the trials list to Clare from NoFitState tonight.
18:50:28 <arfoll> btw obstacles are just ideas, it totally depends on what we end up with/sizes
18:50:59 <delcypher> SimonBerry: You know more about street that us? Jason mentioned one of the things that is difficult to sort out is a grind box. Do you have any suggestions?
18:51:08 <arfoll> SimonBerry: will yuou need anything for flat?
18:51:25 <arfoll> delcypher: couldnt the voodoos grind box be used?
18:51:26 <delcypher> SimonBerry: Some bangin' beats?
18:51:54 <SimonBerry> For flat I just need a decent sized flat space, usage of the PA, and a few judges.
18:51:54 <delcypher> SimonBerry: I don't know stopwatches maybe... I presume people are timed.
18:52:08 <arfoll> delcypher: phones phones phones
18:52:20 <SimonBerry> Stopwatches/phone with stopwatch, whatever really
18:52:28 <delcypher> SimonBerry: We're hoping to use part of the front car park as a space for flatland.
18:52:51 <delcypher> SimonBerry: Does the voodoo rig have a grindable box?
18:53:01 <SimonBerry> Sick. I might put loads of bangin' gangsta beats on my laptop or phone and bring that for music, we can also stopwatch from that
18:53:43 <SimonBerry> I think Edd has been modifiying one box to be grindable but i'm not sure. IMO we need enough pallets to make a 3set, 5set and simple manny pad, then maybe a voodoo box.
18:54:17 <arfoll> SimonBerry: how many pallets does that make?
18:54:33 <delcypher> Do most street comps have stair sets of different sizes?
18:55:14 <SimonBerry> Yes most have a 3/5/7, or a 3 and a 5, or a 5 and a 7. But with the level of british riders (no offense) a 3 and a 5 is more ridable
18:57:20 <arfoll> well i need a number of pallets you want
18:57:56 <delcypher> Oh something I forgot to mention. Clare mentioned that it may be possible to borrow some equipment from the Council. Apparently they have a "mobile" skate park. she said we shouldn't rely on this though as the council are really bad at communicating.
18:58:39 <SimonBerry> I'll try and figure it out. Someone who organises EUC or something will know how many pallets are needed.
19:00:31 <delcypher> I've slapped together a document for the street course. https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/1q6x0u5Q6sSjAtt5kQc9nVU2Iam7V-_SAawJ6jM8eDi8/edit
19:00:50 <delcypher> #action SimonBerry and Jason will work out what materials are needed for the street course a.s.a.p
19:01:16 <delcypher> SimonBerry: Cool could you get this done soon as we're running out of time to get this sorted?
19:01:31 <SimonBerry> Yeah i'll send a few messages around
19:02:12 <delcypher> Street happens before trials so we could actually make the street course part of the trials course.
19:02:49 <delcypher> arfoll: Or is that sacrilege?
19:02:55 <SimonBerry> Yeah, reuse the pallets for sure
19:03:28 <arfoll> SimonBerry: not reuse, we wont have the time to build stuff in between
19:03:32 <delcypher> SimonBerry: I don't mean disassemble (that'll take too long). I meant make the stair set part of the trials course (e.g have to hop/ride down it)
19:03:57 <arfoll> we could use the stair sets as part of trials, but then we need to have trials in the same place as street (is that the case?)
19:04:22 <delcypher> Yeah they are both being built at the front of NoFitState in the car park, right?
19:04:47 <SimonBerry> if you're using stair sets in trials though presumably you only need the stairs and not a 3 rev run up. So those pallets could be taken out and used
19:05:04 <arfoll> ok then sure, we can incorporate the obstacles, but I still need to know roughly hoy many pallets they want for my plans
19:05:29 <arfoll> SimonBerry: we can just place the stair set conveniently closer to the street place
19:05:48 <arfoll> and the 3 rev run up is cool for other things
19:06:03 <delcypher> #action Trials course will share some parts of street course.
19:06:11 <arfoll> anyways if you want a 3set & 5 set with a 3 rev run up you will need a lot of pallets
19:06:52 <delcypher> Is there anything else about this you want to talk about? If not I'm going to move on.
19:07:55 <arfoll> im good I just want to make it clear that if I get only 30 pallets there will be no street obstacles
19:08:24 <arfoll> it sounds like they need at least 20
19:09:33 <delcypher> arfoll: Perhaps the council lending us a mobile street course will save us?
19:09:51 <arfoll> they wont have a stair case with a 3 run up
19:10:02 <arfoll> probably half pipe ish stuff which is a bit useles for us
19:10:03 <delcypher> that's a point.
19:10:18 <delcypher> grind rail might be nice though.
19:10:31 <delcypher> Anyway I'm running out of time. So I'm going to move on
19:10:41 <delcypher> #topic Workshop and hockey scheduling.
19:10:42 <SimonBerry> Yeah a mobile skate park will probably be a grind box, maybe manny pad and some mini ramps
19:11:14 <delcypher> #info Now that hockey is going to be at NFS on saturday we need to work out how to schedule this along with the workshops and a "muck around" space.
19:11:27 <delcypher> chairperson: What was your plan?
19:11:56 <chairperson> if there is 30 ish people and hockey is in the nfs hall then i think 10-3 is ample time especialy as some people will want to leve and go trials
19:12:16 <chairperson> leave
19:12:36 <delcypher> chairperson: What I meant is do you want to make some of the scheduled "workshop" slots hockey slots or do you want to keep them totally seperate?
19:13:30 <delcypher> i.e. so hockey stuff runs in parallel with other workshops?
19:13:47 <chairperson> I think we could schedule hockey 10-3 but also run othe workshops along side that
19:13:54 <chairperson> ye run them in paralle
19:13:59 <delcypher> okay
19:14:15 <chairperson> we can play it by ear a bit on the day as well
19:14:22 <delcypher> #action Hockey will be run from 10-3 in parallel with workshops
19:14:28 <delcypher> chairperson: Which hall will you want to use?
19:14:54 <chairperson> up stairs
19:14:59 <delcypher> Okay.
19:15:33 <delcypher> So we're using the large downstairs hall for workshops/silly games and as a "muck-around" space?
19:15:43 <chairperson> yes
19:16:19 <delcypher> #action Downstairs hall will be used for workshops/sillygames/muck-around space on Saturday
19:16:54 <delcypher> chairperson: There was mention of some hockey workshops too. Would you like some to be scheduled on Sunday?
19:16:55 <arfoll> action -> info?
19:17:07 <delcypher> arfoll: Oops..
19:17:12 <delcypher> #undo
19:17:12 <izqit> Removing item from minutes: <ircmeeting.items.Action object at 0x58c3b0>
19:17:14 <delcypher> #undo
19:17:14 <izqit> Removing item from minutes: <ircmeeting.items.Action object at 0x58c0b0>
19:17:31 <delcypher> #info Hockey will be run from 10-3 in parallel with workshops
19:17:57 <delcypher> #info Downstairs hall will be used for workshops/sillygames/muck-around space on Saturday
19:18:23 <delcypher> right I'm going to have to go soon, so I'm going to do a few other things quickly.
19:18:26 <delcypher> #chair arfoll
19:18:26 <izqit> Current chairs: arfoll delcypher
19:18:42 <delcypher> #topic Video competition
19:18:55 <arfoll> i thought this was allread sorted?
19:19:20 <delcypher> #info There is going to be a video competition which we need to announce a.s.ap. Is everyone okay with the rules. They can be found in https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/1qVX3ZtqH2pT1V3DHSD12oO_90RUGnMBofMr11V59_xk/edit
19:19:23 <arfoll> its fine, lets no worry too much aboutt he rules
19:19:42 <SimonBerry> Seems fine :)
19:20:00 <arfoll> i jsut added no violence
19:20:08 <chairperson> im happy
19:20:10 <delcypher> #action delcypher will send out emails/facebook/twitter info about video comp
19:20:32 <delcypher> Will Voodoo king of the road videos actually pass these rules?
19:21:34 <arfoll> well who knows... anyways no one here to answer that
19:21:44 <delcypher> #topic Day tickets
19:22:11 <arfoll> again, i dont care about this, NFS suggestion is fine
19:22:12 <delcypher> #info We will be selling day tickets (£25) for non-competitors to attend for one day.
19:22:38 <delcypher> #topic Mock up t-shirt designs for organisers
19:22:49 <chairperson> i like the idea of day rticketts £25 no competition entry but workshops and messabout on the trials course on sunday ect
19:22:59 <chairperson> to slow wev moved on ok
19:23:07 <delcypher> #info A quick mockup for organiser t-shirt design has been made. Thoughts?
19:23:10 <arfoll> tshirts cost alot of money
19:23:21 <arfoll> why are we not spending it on cooler stuff?
19:23:22 <delcypher> chairperson: Hopefully we'll have some trials workshops that will be open to all.
19:23:27 <chairperson> t-shirts nice idea but i think we will have to pay for them
19:24:06 <delcypher> chairperson: I don't mind that but if people don't really care we can use NFS's bright pink bibs instead.
19:24:12 <chairperson> arfoll: we could make money out of T-shirts but we would need to front the money to make it
19:24:32 <arfoll> chairperson: only the 3 of us where willing to part with any upgront moneys...
19:24:52 <chairperson> delcypher: i reALY want one of your t-shirts
19:25:12 <delcypher> arfoll: We have that £200 left over from the hockey hall?
19:25:13 <arfoll> if someone designs one, i'll buy one but im not willing to pay upfront for a bunch
19:25:29 <arfoll> delcypher: realisaticallz thats only 20 tshirts
19:25:30 <delcypher> arfoll: I threw together a mockup for a t-shirt. Have you seen it?
19:25:38 <arfoll> no, link?
19:25:47 <delcypher> Give me a sec
19:25:59 <SimonBerry> i saw it, looked good
19:26:46 <delcypher> ]https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/file/d/0B2RZnOajrg2DTmU3eG9kQ1JGc1U/edit?usp=sharing
19:26:53 <delcypher> https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/file/d/0B2RZnOajrg2DTmU3eG9kQ1JGc1U/edit?usp=sharing
19:27:00 <chairperson> delcypher: if you still have the £200 then im happy for us to use that to buy 20 T's keep on each for those that payed up and sell the others for a tenner, they will definatly sell
19:28:05 <arfoll> uhm... ok, why not
19:28:31 <arfoll> im not really a huge fan of the design, can we get slighly nice quality oens though?
19:28:44 <delcypher> okay. Does anyone have any idea how long it takes to get t-shirts made?
19:28:52 <arfoll> no idea
19:29:07 <arfoll> guessing its pretty quick
19:29:10 <chairperson> i got a simonberry T-shirt made in 4hrs for a tenner
19:29:37 <delcypher> arfoll: Feel free to improve the design. I made it in <5 minutes.
19:29:43 <chairperson> we could get 20 made in a week easy
19:29:51 <SimonBerry> We could just have a Simon Berry T shirt for BUC?
19:30:06 <chairperson> polo shirts would look better but again alot more expencive
19:30:12 <arfoll> i hate polo shirts
19:30:20 <delcypher> I also don't like polo shirts
19:30:27 <SimonBerry> rifing in polo shirts would make me feel way too private school
19:30:48 <chairperson> collar up and your cool!
19:30:58 <chairperson> lol polos out then
19:32:21 <delcypher> Well if it takes ~1 week to have t-shirts made shall we delay making them for a week just incase we need more money for trials/street course?
19:32:53 <chairperson> delcypher: good idea in the mean time we could find out exactly how much the cost and how long it takes ect
19:32:54 <arfoll> i think it would be wise
19:33:44 <delcypher> #action delcypher will look into how much it will cost to produce 20-30 t-shirts. Purchasing will be delayed until we know more about trials/street course as we may need money for that.
19:33:57 <delcypher> Before I switch topic. Are we happy with yellow?
19:34:24 <arfoll> sure
19:34:40 <delcypher> arfoll: I figured you wouldn't mind as you have a bright yellow EUC t-shirt.
19:35:01 <chairperson> yellow's good
19:36:14 <delcypher> Wait if we plan on selling these. How are people meant to distinguish organisers from people who just buy a t-shirt?
19:37:02 <delcypher> I suppose we could print on different colour t-shirts for the ones to sell but it'll work out more expensive.
19:37:20 <arfoll> its not really a big deal
19:37:25 <arfoll> lets move on
19:37:39 <chairperson> delcypher: probably not, they will have loads of t-s of various colours
19:37:44 <chairperson> i will find out
19:38:13 <delcypher> chairperson: Wait am I doing this, or are you? I'm happy to give you the task of sorting out t-shirts. I've got enough on my plate at the moment.
19:38:40 <chairperson> ok ill do a little reasearch and get back to you
19:38:43 <delcypher> ok
19:38:45 <delcypher> #undo
19:38:45 <izqit> Removing item from minutes: <ircmeeting.items.Action object at 0x4fa470>
19:39:41 <delcypher> #action chairperson will look into how much it will cost to produce 20-30 t-shirts (possibly different colours: one for organisers and another of people to buy). Purchasing will be delayed until we know more about trials/street course as we may need money for that.
19:39:51 <delcypher> #topic Printed information (first aid, food, water points, map..etc.) leaflets/timetables for attendees.
19:40:02 <delcypher> Right so who should be responsible for this?
19:40:18 <delcypher> I'm happy to design it but I probably won't be able to print.
19:40:41 <chairperson> ok you design send it to me an i will prind 200 coppys
19:41:08 <delcypher> #action delcypher will design leaflets to give to attendes with info on
19:41:14 <delcypher> #action chairperson will print them
19:41:39 <delcypher> chairperson: How much notice will you need? We probably won't be able to print until last minute (as timetable will keep changing).
19:42:22 <chairperson> thursday afternoon - the 23rd or whatever the date is i will print at work
19:42:38 <delcypher> ok cool
19:43:04 <delcypher> Right do we want to talk about the PA ( I skipeed that point earlier). Or shall we sort that out by e-mail/facebook with Edd & Jason?
19:43:16 <arfoll> i dont get this
19:43:27 <delcypher> arfoll: You don't get what?
19:43:30 <chairperson> email and fb with edd, after all its thee pa
19:43:39 <arfoll> the PA situation seems easy, PA indoors is NFS and PA outdoors is voodoos?
19:44:07 <arfoll> since we only need a PA for flat & street & maybe trials (im not that bothered)
19:44:08 <delcypher> That's our plan. I don't think that's exactly what Clare had in mind but I can't see her objecting to our plan.
19:44:17 <arfoll> what did clare have in mind?
19:44:25 <delcypher> #topic PA
19:45:19 <delcypher> Clare thought that the voodoo PA would be in inside the lobby (front entrance) but the speakers will face towards the door/outside so music can be held outside.
19:45:34 <arfoll> why would we do that??
19:45:34 <delcypher> *music can be heard outside
19:46:00 <arfoll> sounds rubbish, we dont need loud music indoors anyways
19:46:04 <delcypher> I like our/voodoo's plan better so I'll contact clare about it
19:46:26 <delcypher> #action delcypher will Contact Clare from NFS about revised plan for PA.
19:46:46 <delcypher> #topic Judges need for Street, flatland and freestyle
19:47:06 <SimonBerry> tbh depending on the competition it wouldn't be hard to move the PA if we needed to as long as there's a power supply
19:47:07 <delcypher> Are we going totally ad-hoc for this or is it better to find people beforehand willing to judge?
19:47:48 <arfoll> ad-hoc. I can try judge some stuff but I probs wont have time
19:48:02 <chairperson> ad-hoc  is just going to be easier
19:48:35 <delcypher> SimonBerry: Are you happy to choose you judge ad-hoc, or do you want specific people to judge?
19:48:55 <SimonBerry> Seems like it would be easier to just pick some people on the day
19:49:29 <delcypher> I could ask the people who have registered and who have said they are happy to help organise if they would be interested in judging?
19:50:01 <arfoll> whats the point, we dont know who they are, what they know, and how do they kjnow what they will choose to do?
19:50:32 <arfoll> better to ask people you know at least a little
19:50:39 <delcypher> alright then I'll leave it. I guess we can ask when people register on the day.
19:50:57 <delcypher> Moving on...
19:51:00 <delcypher> #topic Certificates for competition winners? Trophies yes/no? Award during show?
19:51:17 <delcypher> I think certificates is a given, but I'm not sure about trophies.
19:51:30 <arfoll> no, trophies are wated money, award during show
19:51:49 <delcypher> #info certificates will be awarded during show
19:51:55 <arfoll> i thought we already discussed this before?
19:52:19 <delcypher> arfoll: I think we did but not everyone was around... then again there are even less people here than normal!
19:52:47 <arfoll> well people that arent at meetings cant make decisions... we cant wait for them
19:53:07 <delcypher> SimonBerry: Do have an opinon on this? If not I'm going to move on.
19:53:24 <delcypher> chairperson: Do you have an opinion on this? If not I'm moving on.
19:54:01 <chairperson> yep certificates given out in the show
19:54:08 <delcypher> okay...
19:54:12 <chairperson> no trophys, next year maybe
19:54:16 <delcypher> #topic Hockey mini-tournament
19:54:26 <delcypher> this isn't the agenda but I've just had a thought.
19:54:29 <arfoll> thats not on the agenda+
19:54:59 <delcypher> does the hockey mini-tournament count as a competition? I.e. will we allow non-competitors to take part? my guess is yes?
19:55:19 <arfoll> yes but who organises, keeps score?
19:55:32 <delcypher> arfoll: I think Kris will.
19:55:52 <delcypher> Although if Kris is doing that we will need someone else to oversee running workshops.
19:55:54 <chairperson> i think the reality is that hockey will be one long worshop with people coming and going all day
19:56:14 <chairperson> we will have mini tournements but nothing to seriouse
19:56:33 <delcypher> #info The hockey mini-tournament is not regarded as a competition so non-competitiors may take part.
19:56:37 <delcypher> okay last item
19:56:41 <delcypher> #topic How are we going to go about splitting tasks between ourselves and volunteers so we know who should be where and when.
19:56:53 <delcypher> So how do we want to co-ordinate this?
19:57:05 <arfoll> as for using volunteers, we can ask at registration if people would like to volunteer and then point them at things. I'll just be on the trials course 95% of the day
19:58:00 <arfoll> i dont see us getting many volunteers anyways
19:58:27 <delcypher> arfoll: Well we already know a bunch of people who have volunteered to help. Should I not try to use this information to see when people plan to be free so I have a very rough idea how many people we have available to help and when.
19:58:38 <arfoll> sure
19:58:53 <delcypher> 14 people volunteered to help organise (more than workshops volunteers which was only 6!)
19:59:21 <arfoll> i want loots of people to help with building and 10+ judges for trials comp
19:59:21 <chairperson> cool well we can allocate those 14 a task
19:59:47 <arfoll> im doubtful well reallz get 14 people but...
19:59:51 <arfoll> can try
20:00:25 <delcypher> Right I guess we need fix the schedule first (which is not correct right now) and then we can work out where each of us will be during the day and then try to figure out what other jobs need doing. After that I guess we can ask for help
20:01:17 <chairperson> yep
20:01:44 <delcypher> #action delcypher will try to fix the schedule, then workout what tasks need doing and then workout where each committee member/NFS staff will be during the day. Finally we can then contact the people who volunteered and see if they'd be interested in doing any of the remaining tasks.
20:01:47 <arfoll> we done? its 2100 and Im starving
20:01:52 <delcypher> yeah we're done
20:01:55 <delcypher> #endmeeting