<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>##UUU log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">19:00:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">10th UUU meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">19:00:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Oct 16 19:00:44 2013 UTC and is due to finish in 60 minutes.  The chair is delcypher. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">19:00:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #info #idea #link #topic #startvote.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">19:00:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to '10th_uuu_meeting'
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">19:00:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">present</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">19:01:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> W00t
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">19:01:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> right let's go
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">19:01:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher is Dan Liew (Secretary)</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">19:01:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">gkmac is Gavin MacGregor (Webmaster)</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">19:02:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Big_ is Joe Baxter</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">19:02:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jimmy__&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">jimmy_ is James Sandercock (Road)</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">19:02:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Jason Auld (Street yo)</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">19:03:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">KrisChairAbraham is Kris Abraham (Chairperson)</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">19:03:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Street, trials, freestyle, flatland, muni and road reps need to take ownership of their website sections ( and learn how to edit it). Should we add a muni one? Note Flatland section is now there</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">19:03:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> Im here Now!
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">19:03:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">KrisChairAbraham:</span> Okay.
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">19:03:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I guess we should tackle the Muni question first.
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">19:04:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Do we want a Muni section on the website? Joe, you'd be responsible for maintaining it?
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">19:04:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">krischairabraham is kris Abraham</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">19:04:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> I thought there was a Muni section...
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">19:04:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> yeah there can be
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">19:04:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Ohh, my memory is bad... sorry
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">19:04:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> im guilty of still not submitting a new page with info and photos etc
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">19:05:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> The Muni page is still the old one copied from the previous website.
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">19:05:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> http://www.unicycle.org.uk/muni
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">19:05:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">19:05:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> Would you be able to explain to others how to take control of their sections
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">19:05:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">19:05:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> It would mostly reference the DokuWiki documentation I guess.
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">19:06:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> If logged into the forum, then the pages should become editable for all committee members.
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">19:06:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> Aye, I'm totally clueless. I recall trying this in the past and finding it like reading Chinese. Apologies for my ignorance
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">19:06:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> Remember K.I.S.S - keep it simple stupid
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">19:06:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> great
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">19:06:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> It'd love to K.I.S.S. with all of you
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">19:07:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> Having to log in to the forum and then go back out to the main website is the only cryptic bit.
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">19:07:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">gkmac will send an e-mail to committee members explaining how to edit their discipline pages.</span>
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">19:07:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> gkmac #hero
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">19:07:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Out of date club listings on website?</span>
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">19:07:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> The e-mail will also include info about the "playground", a scratch page that you can try things out on.
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">19:07:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> Okay cool
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">19:07:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Next topic.
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">19:07:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> spot on. then ill get it edited
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">19:08:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> do we have an updated list?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">19:08:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> I belive you wanted to say something about this?
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">19:08:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> I have proposed for quite a while now to transfer the clubs and riding spots database to the wiki.
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">19:08:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> If not I'll skip it.
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">19:08:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> I have no problem with this.
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">19:08:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> This will have many advantages.
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">19:09:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> For a start, anyone can edit anyone else's entry so out of date listings can be brought up to date by someone else who attends the same club.
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">19:09:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> Also, if an entry is edited, all previous copies are kept. This means if a page is "trashed" by accident, we can restore it from a previous version.
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">19:10:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> This has to be done before I can close the forum, as the current club database is too heavily intertwined into the forum code.
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">19:10:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> sounds good wiki it up
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">19:10:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> Remind me how you enforce that only someone in the same club can edit the club wiki entry?
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">19:10:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> I'd have to find out how to import phpBB's password hashes into DokuWiki, that'll be the hardest bit.
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">19:11:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> why the negative outlook when we dont have any vandalism cases?
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">19:11:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> Vandalism is always possible on wikis, have to be prepared for it just in case.
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">19:11:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> our wiki shoudl be semi public
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">19:11:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> theres no reason to limit access to a 'member' only list. thats the sure way to always be out of date
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">19:12:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> You still need a sign-up page so new users can edit the wiki, are you going to use Doku wiki's user registration stuff?
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">19:12:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> I chose DokuWiki because different permissions can be assigned to different users.
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">19:12:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> this permission'ing up to restrict access to public parts of our community is IMHO a big mistake. how can we be inclusive if we dont allow contributions?
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">19:12:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> Probably, though I'll have to investigate things like CAPTCHAs, or questions, or new users put into quarantine until one of the committee approves them.
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">19:13:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> Okay. I guess it's best if we continue to discuss this by e-mail as this is eatting into the BUC discussion.
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">19:13:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> I meant that the main UUU pages can still be only editable by us, whereas the club listings can have looser permissions so can be edited by anyone.
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">19:14:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> sure. go for it #action gk to migrate clubs to wiki
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">19:14:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">gkmac will work to move club listings over to doku wiki infrastructure that will be semi-publically editable.</span>
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">19:14:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> OK, I'll start researching on how to make DokuWiki use phpBB's password hashes. The rest should be a piece of cake.
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">19:14:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> Okay, thanks.
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">19:14:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> gkmac #hero
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">19:15:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> <span class="hi">VoodooJason:</span> no need to worship me, I'm just a human being...
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">19:15:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">BUC meeting With NFS potentially going to be first week in november in London (who can make it?</span>
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">19:15:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> That's what Jesus said
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">19:15:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I think I should just hold a doodle poll for this.
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">19:15:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> Doodle polls are open to everyone and very easy to use.
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">19:16:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> ok but what are the possible dates?
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">19:16:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> i wont be able to attend
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">19:16:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> I have no idea
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">19:16:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> well obviously just weekends but we should pick like 5 dates
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">19:16:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">KrisChairAbraham:</span> What dates did you have in mind?
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">19:16:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Big_:</span> :( but we need a road ride!
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">19:17:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> We arent talking about a BUC date here people! we are talking about meeting with NFS this november
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">19:17:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> oh that
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">19:17:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Big_ 's job is muni jimmy__ is road :p
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">19:17:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> oh yeah
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">19:17:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">KrisChairAbraham:</span> Perhaps seeing as you are in contact with NFS you could setup the doodle poll?
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">19:17:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> woops
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">19:18:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jimmy__&gt;</span> I'll be able to get there this year, so i can organise the road ride! :D
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">19:18:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> <span class="hi">KrisChairAbraham:</span> I saw your email about a meeting. I'll be in London until November 5th and would be happy to attend if it's before I leave
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">19:18:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> I'll also be back on November 24th for a week or two
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">19:18:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> clare said first week in november not sure if thats a week end or week day she's refering to? she's in singapour at the moment and will let us know next week
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">19:19:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> ok ill find out more about the date next week and then do a doodle pole and involve clare!
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">19:19:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i'll be away for alot of nov but ill try
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">19:19:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#awesome </span><span class="cmdline">#boss</span>
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">19:19:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> <span class="hi">VoodooJason:</span> brilliant you got my back!
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">19:19:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">KrisChairAbraham:</span> Okay cool, let me know if you have any issues setting up the doodle poll. I set them up a lot.
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">19:19:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> thanks
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">19:20:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> cant make the meeting but ill make sure im at buc
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">19:20:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> il those pics of kris in the hottub... cant believe i wasnt there! x
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">19:20:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">KrisChairAbraham will find out about NFS meeting dates to discuss BUC and created a doodle for it</span>
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">19:20:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Big_:</span> you missed out!
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">19:20:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> okay next topic
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">19:20:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">BUC DATE, we need to decide on a date or at least a selection of dates that are appropriate for buc 2014, the sooner we do this the better since it’s very hard to advertise without a date.</span>
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">19:21:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> this has already been discussed a little bit on the agenda document.
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">19:21:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> ok again doodle poll
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">19:21:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> My 2 pence would be don't hold it too close to UNICON
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">19:21:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> good idea
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">19:21:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> clare sugests october
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">19:21:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">VoodooJason:</span> Definitely. I'd like to go to unicon!
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">19:21:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">KrisChairAbraham:</span> It will be cold :(
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">19:21:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> It will seriously affect attendance. Rather than thinking about fringe riders who juggle, we should focus on dedicated riders who will no doubt be attending UNICON
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">19:21:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> yeah,
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">19:22:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> i know but our options seem to be last 2 weeks of august first two weeks of sep or october &amp; august is quite close to unicon
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">19:22:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">KrisChairAbraham:</span> August is quite a good date because that's school summer holiday.
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">19:23:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> I know we don't have free reign but I would suggest making it as far away from UNICON as possible. I know Edd and Simon both spoke of not attending BUC because of it being too close. Although 2 people won't affect BUC, I suspect this is the case for a free riders
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">19:23:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> i agree but bank holiday is the second weekend after unicon and the last weekend is close to the start of school
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">19:23:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> *few
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">19:24:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> personally if it wasant for unicon the bank hol in august seems best!
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">19:25:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> Why have we ruled out normal times (April/May)? Are they not bookable?
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">19:25:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">KrisChairAbraham:</span> As you commented on the Agenda we need a list of possible dates. Until we have those this is all speculation.
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">19:25:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> No NFS have other plans up untill july ish
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">19:26:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> Aaaaah gay
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">19:26:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i think weekend before school is good, nothing else to do
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">19:26:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> we need to sugest our possible dates (any time after july) and then take those possibilitys back to NFS
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">19:27:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">KrisChairAbraham:</span> Okay, but I wouldn't suggest a poll for that because the most popular one might not be what NFS can do.
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">19:27:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i think we should get 5-6 weekends, make a doodle and then do NFS
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">19:27:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> the poll is not a binding contract
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">19:27:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Fair point
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">19:28:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> but its better to take interest first before making up our midn with a very restricted group
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">19:28:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> So should the poll just be for weekends in august and september
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">19:28:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> i know we select dates NFS select a few of our dates they like and then we hold a doodle?
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">19:28:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> there may be things we are not aware/think of, big group shouldbe able to remove sily mistakes - also it makes us look inclusive!
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">19:28:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">KrisChairAbraham:</span> no, thats too long, we doodle, go to NFS with a list in order of preference
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">19:29:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> plus its a fun question to ask our community
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">19:29:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> "What weekend would you like to go to BUC?"
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">19:29:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Okay I agree with this.
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">19:29:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span>  ok sounds good! we should do it asap though
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">19:29:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> totally agree
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">19:29:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Should we go for a poll for weekends in August/September?
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">19:29:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agree</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">19:30:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> and october
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">19:30:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> just to see
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">19:30:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">KrisChairAbraham:</span> okay and October...
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">19:30:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">19:30:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> thats too many options IMHO
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">19:30:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> we can remove unicon weekend
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">19:30:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> I'd prefer Oct, so I think we should provide it plus there are school hols
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">19:31:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> yep last two weekends of august -october
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">19:31:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> honestly personal preference is irrelevant at this point - just vote
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">19:31:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Okay so we're going for August (- unicon weekends), september &amp; October. Agreed?
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">19:32:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">19:32:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> I was merely saying, if I prefer it, it's likely others may too and therefore it's better to provide the option. I wasn't suggesting we should hold a BUC because it suits me best bell piece
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">19:32:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">19:32:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">19:32:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jimmy__&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">19:32:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">19:32:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">19:32:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">VoodooJason:</span> i know, however I was saying that i'm hoping the poll will show wether you are correct ;-)
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">19:33:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Okay cool. I might not use doodle for this. There are loads of public survey tools that might work better for this.
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">19:33:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> is it to late for some one to join the meeting?
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">19:33:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher will create a poll for August I</span>
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">19:33:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#undo</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">19:33:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Removing item from minutes: &lt;ircmeeting.items.Action object at 0x1fbc610&gt;
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">19:34:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher will create a poll for August(minus unicon weekends), september &amp; October. This poll will be promoted on fb/twitter to try and gauge public opinion</span>
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">19:34:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sweynh:</span> welcome!
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">19:34:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">KrisChairAbraham:</span> Nope, it's not too late
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">19:34:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sweynh&gt;</span> Hello from Orkney - is this the 10 minute argument?
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">19:34:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sweynh&gt;</span> Thanks, Kris
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">19:34:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> thats ok he just joined
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">19:34:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sweynh:</span> hi
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">19:34:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sweynh:</span> Oh Hi, I didn't even post about this meeting and you joined. Well done :)
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">19:35:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#sweynhisking</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">19:35:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sweynh&gt;</span> Ha - thanks arfoll - delcypher: I got a tip via FB ;)
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">19:35:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sweynh:</span> sorry who are you?
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">19:35:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sweynh&gt;</span> You are too kind, VOodooJason :)
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">19:35:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> the orkney massive
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">19:35:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sweynh&gt;</span> ANyway ... don't let me interuppt .. ahem
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">19:35:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#orgasmic</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">19:35:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">KrisChairAbraham:</span> who is?
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">19:36:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> anyways we where actually doing well! lets continue
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">19:36:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> okay moving on
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">19:36:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Muni. I think we should try and incorporate a comp or at least a ride next year.</span>
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">19:36:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> this one seemed a bit obvious... Big_ ?
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">19:36:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> sweynh hunter, has a son who came to buc last year
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">19:37:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Yeah but we might not be able to do it. It depends on finding a good muni spot near NFS.
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">19:37:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> cool. well its awesome to have more people in the meeting :)
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">19:37:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> Did anyone see Edd Hawkes' post about a muni comp similar to Red Bull Rampage? I think this would be a fantastic idea
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">19:37:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jimmy__:</span> Didn't you look into possible rides for us for BUC2013?
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">19:37:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> i full intend on arranging a muni comp
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">19:37:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sweynh&gt;</span> Happy to assist/support - anything short of actually unicycling!!
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">19:37:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">VoodooJason:</span> Yes I did.
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">19:37:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> just when and where is a challenge
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">19:37:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Big_:</span> would a night muni ride be kind of fun?
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">19:37:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> its only any good arranging a comp somewhere where you know there are good trails
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">19:37:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> delcypher Big_: Thoughts?
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">19:38:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sweynh:</span> Thanks for the offer. I'll keep it in mind.
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">19:38:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Big_:</span> I sense a Cardiff road trip coming on... to scout out muni spots.
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">19:38:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> i think every one agrees that MUNI is needed next year Big_  to investigate possibilitys and report back?
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">19:38:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">KrisChairAbraham:</span> Sounds good
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">19:38:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> yes,
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">19:39:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">19:39:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> but i am unable to see what the trails are like around NF
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">19:39:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Big_ will investigate the possibility of holding a muni event for BUC2014 in Cardiff.</span>
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">19:39:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> google earth
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">19:39:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> someone needs to know the trails and that they are suitable for a comp
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">19:40:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Big_:</span> That's what google earth was invented for. Local knowledge is very important though, you could try finding some locals on forums.
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">19:40:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> until youre happy with just turning up somewhere
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">19:40:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> google earth doesnt work for muni trails
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">19:40:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#unless</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">19:40:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> I agree with Big, i'm happy to go to cardiff a weekend or two and try cycling/uni'ing on some trails but i'm not exactly a muni guy
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">19:40:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> There's also http://ridden.it/ ... ah nobody has added cardiff spots
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">19:40:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> some places look shit that are great and vice versa
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">19:41:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Big_:</span> there are alot of Mountain bike trails around, pluss cardiff hockey team may have a few muni riders in it. ask liam for help
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">19:41:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> ill do research
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">19:41:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Big_:</span> That's why I think we should pay Cardiff a visit to check potential spots.
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">19:41:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> and we need to plan what type of comp
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">19:41:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> either race
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">19:41:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Big_:</span> Okay cool
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">19:41:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> or timed
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">19:41:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> all out mass race would be easist
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">19:42:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> otherwise then we need timing chips etc
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">19:42:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Big_:</span> But an all out race on narrow trails would be a mess would it not?
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">19:42:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Big_:</span> ok investigate and discuss further via email before next meeting
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">19:42:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> could be fun...
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">19:42:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">19:43:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Big_ will also investigate the different methods of running a muni comp</span>
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">19:43:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Assistance and delegation (we really need more help from attendees)</span>
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">19:44:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">BUC2013 was seriously under-staffed. We need to be a lot better about this and delegate!</span>
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">19:44:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- logging onto Paddy Power and putting a £10 on Edd winning Muni... he wins everything else!</span>
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">19:44:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> I think this is obvious we just need to ask more people for help next year and deligate tasks.
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">19:44:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> its hard though, i think the easiest is to ask our friends nicely
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">19:45:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Although I enjoyed BUC2013 I definitely felt overworked. We did have a list of tasks that needed to be deligated, but in the end nobody used it and most tasks were left with Brendan, Kris &amp; I
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">19:45:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> ok lets put a section on the pre reg form again and get as many helpers as we can!
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">19:45:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> Create incentives/rewards for helping? Not sure what they'd be but it works at UNICON and EUC
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">19:46:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sweynh&gt;</span> As an outsider, it was clear that there were a few people run off their feet, and loads of people who might have been willing to help, if asked - but it's a hard thing to get right, when there is so much going on!
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">19:46:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sweynh&gt;</span> I recommend ruthless exploitation of parents/non-riders ;)
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">19:46:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KrisChairAbraham&gt;</span> Son Kicking off big style BRB
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">19:46:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">VoodooJason:</span> I don't want to do the free t-shirt thing again. Not after what Cameron did (took a t-shirt but then didn't run the workshop he was supposed to run)
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">19:47:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> who gave him the tshirt before he did the workshop?
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">19:47:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> silly billy
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">19:47:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#YOLO</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">19:47:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#oopiloo</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">19:48:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sweynh:</span> I think better planning is the key. We have more time this year so hopefully we can make a realistic list of tasks and then start to deligate and also draw in people willing to help before and after online registration.
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">19:48:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> we where too lenient with tshirts which where our only barter chip thats true
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">19:49:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sweynh&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> I agree
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">19:49:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sweynh&gt;</span> <span class="hi">krischairabraham:</span> wb
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">19:49:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">krischairabraham:</span> Did you son disconnect you?
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">19:49:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairabraham&gt;</span> Lol im Back
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">19:50:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Okay I think we need to move on.
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">19:50:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairabraham&gt;</span> but cant see any of the previous comments!!!! QAnoying
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">19:50:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairabraham&gt;</span> yep move on
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">19:50:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">krischairabraham:</span> You can read the minutes later.
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">19:50:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sweynh&gt;</span> [20:48] &lt;delcypher&gt; sweynh: I think better planning is the key. We have more time this year so hopefully we can make a realistic list of tasks and then start to deligate and also draw in people willing to help before and after online registration. [20:48] &lt;arfoll&gt; we where too lenient with tshirts which where our only barter chip thats true [20:49] &lt;sweynh&gt; delcypher: I agree
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">19:51:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sweynh&gt;</span> There!
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">19:51:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairabraham&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> looking forward to it ;-)
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">19:51:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I guess everyone would happy if I started a spreadsheet with tasks again... But then we actually try and use it this time?
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">19:52:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairabraham&gt;</span> Definatly we have learned from last year
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">19:52:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher will create a spreadsheet for BUC tasks/assignment</span>
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">19:52:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Bank account status</span>
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">19:53:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Thought I'd quickly sneak this in.
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">19:53:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Big_:</span> What's the status on this Joe? I got the signatories changed but Luke Dutton tells me they've screwed up changing the addresses?
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">19:53:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">19:53:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairabraham&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> i think the last points on the agend dont realy require much comment at the moment this is better!
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">19:54:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> all signatories are changed, but in HSBC's wisdom, they sent the new documents to Luke...
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">19:54:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairabraham&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Big_:</span> HSBC strikes again
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">19:54:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Big_:</span> Have you managed to get them to fix it?
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">19:54:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> I emailed Luke
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">19:54:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> He was going to post the documents to me
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">19:55:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> but i have received nothing yet..
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">19:55:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> i will get back onto him and chase it up
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">19:55:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairabraham&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Big_:</span> what about online banking? any news?
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">19:55:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Big_:</span> yes, but you probably need to contact HSBC too because clearly they've fucked up...again!
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">19:55:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> no, no new online banking
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">19:55:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Big_:</span> I gave them the forms for that. They should of set it up by now.
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">19:56:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> i have not heard anything
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">19:56:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> i am going into the branch tomorrow anyways, so i
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">19:56:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> will speak to them
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">19:56:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> theyre fucking useless
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">19:56:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Big_:</span> Okay cool, please let us know what happens
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">19:56:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> will do
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">19:56:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Big_ will visit his local HSBC branch soon to try and resolve the banking SNAFU</span>
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">19:57:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Payment options – Can we sort out our own payment this year to make the process</span>
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">19:57:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Okay this will be our last topic
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">19:57:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> The NFS payment system was too clunky in my opinion.
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">19:57:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairabraham&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> good idea!
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">19:57:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairabraham&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> i agree but i worked in the end and we got money off them!
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">19:58:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> I'd much rather we did this ourselves but it required several things: a working bank account (sigh!), a secure online system for taking payments.
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">19:58:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> paypal might be an option but I'm sure there must be others.
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">19:58:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> I wholeheartedly disagree
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">19:58:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> let NFS do it
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">19:58:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairabraham&gt;</span> if we take the money ourselfs we will need to pay NFS at the end
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">19:58:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sweynh&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> It was slightly unusual from a customer PoV, but worked and they were very friendly about it - do you/we need the hassle of taking this on?
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">19:58:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> also by letting them do it, forced them to have someone signing people in, which we couldnt handle
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">19:59:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VoodooJason&gt;</span> If it ain't broke, don't fix it
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">19:59:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> if we were to do it
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">20:00:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> we would need someone on it full time, and i for one wouldnt be able to commit to that
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">20:00:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Okay. But I think we should do it the other way round. They sign up first and then we pass them on to NFS.
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">20:00:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairabraham&gt;</span> The best bit is NFS take all the responsibility of cost i think we can make it smother next year but stick with the old system
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">20:00:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> yeah sounds like it would work
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">20:00:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> why? then we have no idea who paid
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">20:01:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> We had no idea with NFS either because they didn't send us up-to-date information.
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">20:01:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> they register with us, we pass them to NFS then make sure our reg list matches their paid list..
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">20:01:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Big_:</span> Yes that's what I was getting at.
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">20:01:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> tbh we only need to know on the day whos coming, before then rough estimates are cool but frankly not eneded
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">20:02:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sweynh&gt;</span> They are set up to take bookings, payments, answer queries - is there a system you/we could put in place that could do that reliably, online and on the phone?
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">20:02:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Rough estimates are very useful because
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">20:03:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sweynh:</span> Not on the phone, the best we could do is online.
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">20:03:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> sure rough estimates. but we can convince NFS to be better at syncing, much easier than processing payments
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">20:03:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> ...because you can work out who is going to do what comp.
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">20:03:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairabraham&gt;</span> exactly people a;lways have virbal questions lets leave it to them
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">20:03:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#9pm </span><span class="cmdline">;)</span>
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">20:04:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairabraham&gt;</span> 9.04
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">20:04:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> I'm not suggesting we do our own payments anymore. I'm suggesting that the registration process simply be done in a different order. We take their details first and then we pass them on to NFS (opposite of what we did last time)
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">20:04:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">krischairabraham:</span> Okay... we'll have to leave this one unresolved.
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">20:04:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> so youre suggesting we take bank details?
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">20:04:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> eitehr way I see no difference, there will be two registration steps
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">20:05:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairabraham&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> really the general consensus seems to be to leave it to NFS just stream line the process
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">20:05:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> No. They register will us and then they pay NFS.
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">20:05:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> and why not the other way around?
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">20:05:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sweynh&gt;</span> .. and if we think someone has registered, and something goes wrong with payment, there is scope for confusion and argument ... not necessarily a good thing
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">20:05:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i'd rather we missed the registration and not the payment
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">20:05:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> and frankly it makes little difference how many people turn up to the comps because on the day it all changes and we roughly know already
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">20:06:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Because we had it the other way round last time and I thought it was a disaster.
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">20:06:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Anyway we're out of time so I'm going to end the meeting here
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">20:06:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> i just dont see how you think it'll be better the other way around
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">20:06:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">20:06:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> i think that was good
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">20:06:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> x x x x x
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">20:06:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krischairabraham&gt;</span> cool thanks guys good meeting!!!
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">20:06:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sweynh&gt;</span> Thanks, guys - looking forward to how it all develops!
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">20:06:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Not resolved in time. Will be discussed next time.</span>
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">20:06:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Big_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#love </span><span class="cmdline">you all deeply</span>
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">20:06:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sweynh:</span> Thanks.
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">20:06:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
