=============
##uuu Meeting
=============


Meeting started by delcypher at 20:20:52 UTC.  The full logs are
available at uuu/2012/uuu.2012-10-28-20.20.log.html .



Meeting summary
---------------

* delcypher is Dan Liew - Secretary  (delcypher, 20:21:18)
* gkmac is Gavin MacGregor - Webmaster  (gkmac, 20:21:27)
* arfoll is Brendan Le Foll - Trials  (arfoll, 20:21:27)
* SamGoodburn is Sam Goodburn - Freestyle  (SamGoodburn, 20:21:49)
* Barrygat is Barry Gates - Hockey rep  (delcypher, 20:22:14)
* joe_____ is Joe Baxter - Treasurer  (arfoll, 20:24:23)
* Progress report on bank account transfer  (delcypher, 20:25:41)

* Progress report about how membership fees can be handled online
  (delcypher, 20:27:05)
  * not much progress so far. joe_____ will continue to look into this
    (delcypher, 20:28:44)
  * Note we should probably not setup paypal account until UUU's legal
    status is sorted.  (delcypher, 20:31:26)

* Previous IUF rep  (delcypher, 20:31:37)
  * The IUF reported that Keith Grifis was the former IUF rep. However
    UUU records say that Johnathan Marshall was rep.  (delcypher,
    20:35:28)
  * ACTION: iuf (committee member) will contact the former reps to get
    the history of what was done.  (delcypher, 20:42:26)
  * ACTION: iuf (committee member) will investigate what the roles of
    the IUF rep are.  (delcypher, 20:42:48)
  * ACTION: delcypher will inform the IUF that iuf (Alan Hogan) is our
    new IUF rep.  (delcypher, 20:43:03)

* Reigstering the UUU as something  (delcypher, 20:44:14)
  * I've started investigating registering the UUU as "something".
    Currently UK law considers the UUU to be a "unincorporated
    association"  (delcypher, 20:45:18)
  * It may be desirable in the future to turn the UUU into a "company
    limited by guarantee" to protect all members (including committee
    members) from legal action.  (delcypher, 20:46:10)
  * The issue will be discussed in the forums
    http://www.unicycle.org.uk/forum/viewtopic.php?f=11&t=999
    (delcypher, 20:52:08)

* Writing a constitution  (delcypher, 20:52:28)
  * Just a minor note. Whatever course of action we take we will need to
    write a constitution for the UUU because it doesn't have one.
    (delcypher, 20:52:57)

* Retrieving previous BUC results  (delcypher, 20:53:09)
  * delcypher contacted previous organisers of BUCs. Only heard back
    from Sarah Miller who said she was currently busy but would get back
    to me.  (delcypher, 20:53:42)
  * ACTION: delcypher will check unicycle.com to see if BUC records are
    there  (delcypher, 20:57:49)
  * ACTION: delcypher Will contact the last Previous BUC winners to find
    out what names are engraved on trophies.  (delcypher, 21:00:41)
  *
    http://www.unicyclist.com/forums/showthread.php?t=32099&highlight=british+unicycle+results
    (joe_____, 21:02:31)
  * joe_____ Found BUC 2004 results at
    http://www.unicyclist.com/forums/showthread.php?t=32099&highlight=british+unicycle+results
    (delcypher, 21:03:17)

* Progress report on UUU website  (delcypher, 21:04:49)
  * gkmac has started looking at using DokiWiki to replace current UUU
    website. It is proving to be difficult.  (delcypher, 21:12:26)
  * LINK: https://www.phpbb.com/customise/db/style/prosilver_mobile/
    (gkmac, 21:14:42)
  * UUU website issues will be discussed at another meeting.
    (delcypher, 21:17:49)

* Discipline reps putting stop gap material on the UUU website
  (delcypher, 21:18:14)
  * ACTION: SamGoodburn will produce some material to go on the UUU
    website  (delcypher, 21:22:10)
  * ACTION: Barrygat will produce some hockey material to go on the UUU
    website  (delcypher, 21:22:27)

* BUC: Venue  (delcypher, 21:23:02)
  * ACTION: delcypher Will find and contact unicycle groups across the
    country and ask if they are interested in hosting the next BUC.
    (delcypher, 21:35:18)
  * ACTION: delcypher will make a public post on UUU forums asking for
    hosts for BUC. JUST and Steve Grainger will be contacted personally
    and asked to reply in forums or contact secretary.  (delcypher,
    21:40:19)

* BUC : When should it be held?  (delcypher, 21:40:41)
  * Easter was suggested, but it was noted that the organisers will have
    the final say.  (delcypher, 21:44:05)
  * No decision until a host is found.  (delcypher, 21:46:28)

* BUC: UUU involvement  (delcypher, 21:47:19)
  * AGREED: UUU should advertise via forum  (delcypher, 21:50:41)
  * AGREED: UUU discipline reps should help organise their events (or at
    least find some to organise it)  (delcypher, 21:54:15)
  * A post on the UUU forum asking for BUC idea has been put up at
    http://www.unicycle.org.uk/forum/viewtopic.php?f=2&t=996
    (delcypher, 21:59:36)



Meeting ended at 21:59:43 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* Barrygat
  * Barrygat will produce some hockey material to go on the UUU website
* delcypher
  * delcypher will inform the IUF that iuf (Alan Hogan) is our new IUF
    rep.
  * delcypher will check unicycle.com to see if BUC records are there
  * delcypher Will contact the last Previous BUC winners to find out
    what names are engraved on trophies.
  * delcypher Will find and contact unicycle groups across the country
    and ask if they are interested in hosting the next BUC.
  * delcypher will make a public post on UUU forums asking for hosts for
    BUC. JUST and Steve Grainger will be contacted personally and asked
    to reply in forums or contact secretary.
* iuf
  * iuf (committee member) will contact the former reps to get the
    history of what was done.
  * iuf (committee member) will investigate what the roles of the IUF
    rep are.
  * delcypher will inform the IUF that iuf (Alan Hogan) is our new IUF
    rep.
* SamGoodburn
  * SamGoodburn will produce some material to go on the UUU website



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* delcypher (122)
* joe_____ (60)
* arfoll (55)
* Barrygat (32)
* SamGoodburn (25)
* iuf (18)
* gkmac (16)
* izqit (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4