=============
##uuu Meeting
=============


Meeting started by delcypher at 19:14:24 UTC.  The full logs are
available at uuu/2012/uuu.2012-12-07-19.14.log.html .



Meeting summary
---------------

* note present members  (delcypher, 19:14:35)
  * delcypher is Dan Liew - Secretary  (delcypher, 19:14:44)
  * arfoll is Brendan Le Foll - Trials  (arfoll, 19:15:04)
  * ChairmanKris is Kris Abraham  (ChairmanKris, 19:15:15)
  * BigSexyJasonAuld is Big Sexy Jason Auld - Street Rep
    (BigSexyJasonAuld, 19:15:38)
  * SamGoodburn is Sam Goodburn - Freestyle Rep  (SamGoodburn, 19:15:52)
  * SimonBerry is Simon Berry, boy who rides flatland. I also have to
    leave at 19:45, unless i get this working on my phone  (SimonBerry,
    19:16:33)
  * joe_____ is Joe Baxter - Treasurer  (joe____, 19:16:55)

* Should the doodle poll be made simpler?  (delcypher, 19:17:56)
  * The doodle poll often has > 60 options which takes a long to fill
    in. Should I just switch to asking people for their availibility at
    weekends?  (delcypher, 19:18:34)
  * ACTION: delcypher will do future doodle polls for friday (evening) +
    saturday and Sunday evenings.  (delcypher, 19:20:53)

* Progress report for temporary content for website from arfoll
  SimonBerry joe____ BigSexyJasonAuld  (delcypher, 19:21:38)
  * Discipline reps (hockey, flatland, freestyle, muni, trials, street)
    agreed to do temporary content for website.  (delcypher, 19:22:51)
  * AGREED:   (delcypher, 19:26:45)
  * ACTION: SimonBerry BigSexyJasonAuld SamGoodburn joe____ arfoll and
    Barry Gates will put their content on google docs for the rest of
    the committee to see and edit.  (delcypher, 19:34:49)

* Website improvements  (delcypher, 19:35:05)
  * Gavin is not present but he has informed us that little progress has
    been made due to forum spamming which needed to be delt with.
    (delcypher, 19:35:31)
  * At the request of delcypher and ChairmanKris Twitter & Facebook
    links have been added to the site.  (delcypher, 19:35:52)

* progress on IUF role  (delcypher, 19:36:04)
  * Alan isn't present but has informed me that the IUF have not got
    back to him.  (delcypher, 19:36:19)
  * delcypher also tried contacting the IUF with no success.
    (delcypher, 19:36:34)

* Progress report gathering results from previous unicycle events
  (delcypher, 19:36:56)
  * delcypher has gathered trials, street and freestyle results from
    various sources which are now available online.  (delcypher,
    19:37:35)
  * discpline reps arfoll BigSexyJasonAuld SamGoodburn have been given
    write access to their disciplines results  (delcypher, 19:38:06)
  * Results can now be found in the links in this forum post
    http://www.unicycle.org.uk/forum/viewtopic.php?f=10&t=828#p7771
    (delcypher, 19:39:42)
  * ACTION: SamGoodburn will ask Lucas Wintercrane & Trevor ??? if they
    know some of the missing freestyle results.  (delcypher, 19:40:16)
  * Trevor ??? is Trevor Schofield  (delcypher, 19:41:06)
  * ACTION: arfoll BigSexyJasonAuld SamGoodburn will be responsible for
    their results from now on.  (delcypher, 19:44:19)

* Progress report gaining control of UUU bank account  (delcypher,
  19:45:06)
  * delcypher has started examining the membership database and has
    discovered we has 19 members currently and there are some financial
    discrepancies that need resolving.  (delcypher, 19:46:52)
  * ACTION: joe____ will open a new bank account for the UUU and have
    money from old UUU account transferred over due to long time it
    would take to hand over ownership of the old UUU bank account
    (delcypher, 20:05:37)
  * ACTION: joe____ will look in to the financial descrepancies visible
    in the UUU membership database.  (delcypher, 20:07:31)
  * ACTION: joe____ will e-mail monthly statements to committee members
    to show our current financial state.  (delcypher, 20:10:32)

* Registering the UUU as something  (delcypher, 20:10:40)
  * delcypher looked into what we could register the UUU as something
    (delcypher, 20:11:13)
  * presently it looks like it would be best if we became an
    "unincorporated charity with an income < Â£5000"  (delcypher,
    20:11:38)
  * We would not need to register with the Charity commission but we can
    register with HMRC to get tax benefits.  (delcypher, 20:12:19)
  * I believe this would let us have discounted paypal as well.
    (delcypher, 20:12:39)
  * Information about tax benefits for charities can be found at
    http://www.hmrc.gov.uk/charities/tax/  (delcypher, 20:13:20)
  * Becomming a charity requires us to have a proper constitution. If
    everyone agrees I'll start writing a draft based on a template.
    (delcypher, 20:19:02)
  * ACTION: delcypher and joe____ will look into making the UUU an
    unincorporated charity  (delcypher, 20:20:28)
  * ACTION: delcypher will write a draft constitution for the UUU which
    is necessary for us to be a charity.  (delcypher, 20:20:50)
  * Report on finding a host for the next BUC  (delcypher, 20:24:38)
  * delcypher contacted JUST asking if they would like to host. They
    declined.  (delcypher, 20:24:58)
  * delcypher contacted Steve Grainger (as suggested by Barry Gates) and
    heard nothing back.  (delcypher, 20:25:18)
  * delcypher also posted to the UUU forums asking for hosts. There has
    been one positive responce from "No Fit State"  (delcypher,
    20:25:51)
  * ChairmanKris has been doing some good work communicating with Lynn
    from "No fit state" recently.  (delcypher, 20:26:28)
  * Finer points need to be finalised but Nofitstate are willing to Host
    BUC 2013 on the last bakholiday in May (24th-27th) a visit is
    planned to discuss in person the finer points possibly next friday
    the 14th of december  (ChairmanKris, 20:29:21)
  * AGREED: Street and Trials results from VUC (2011) and Voodoo Street
    & Trials league (2012) will be considered official as there was no
    BUC in those years. Next year assuming BUC takes place Vooodoo
    organised competitions will be seperate from BUC  (delcypher,
    20:40:06)
  * ACTION: SamGoodburn has been collecting e-mail addresses of people
    who might be interested in BUC. He will share the list as a google
    docs spreadsheet with the rest of the committee.  (delcypher,
    20:48:09)
  * ACTION: joe____ will speak to Roger from unicycle.com and ask him if
    he'd be interested in helping us promote BUC via flyers in orders
    and possibility on the website.  (delcypher, 20:48:37)
  * ACTION: ChairmanKris will add the e-mail addresses he has to the
    Google Docs spreadsheet.  (delcypher, 20:53:15)
  * ACTION: delcypher arfoll and GK will speak about having a mailing
    list  (delcypher, 20:54:16)

* Level testing  (delcypher, 20:54:24)
  * In the past the UUU organised level testing but we (the new
    committee) know very little about it.  (delcypher, 20:54:53)
  * We need to find out who the qualified level testers are  (delcypher,
    20:55:14)
  * We need find out who has been awarded what level in the past
    (delcypher, 20:55:36)
  * We need to get hold of certificate templates too  (delcypher,
    20:56:16)
  * we need to find out how to become a qualified tester  (delcypher,
    20:56:35)
  * ACTION: SamGoodburn will find out who the qualitifed level testers
    are  (delcypher, 21:05:17)
  * ACTION: SamGoodburn will find the record of who was awarded what
    (delcypher, 21:05:36)
  * ACTION: SamGoodburn will find out what level testing system the UUU
    was using... and maybe what we should be using instead?  (delcypher,
    21:06:10)
  * ACTION: SamGoodburn will try to find level testing certificate
    templates.  (delcypher, 21:06:48)



Meeting ended at 21:08:16 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* arfoll
  * SimonBerry BigSexyJasonAuld SamGoodburn joe____ arfoll and Barry
    Gates will put their content on google docs for the rest of the
    committee to see and edit.
  * arfoll BigSexyJasonAuld SamGoodburn will be responsible for their
    results from now on.
  * delcypher arfoll and GK will speak about having a mailing list
* BigSexyJasonAuld
  * SimonBerry BigSexyJasonAuld SamGoodburn joe____ arfoll and Barry
    Gates will put their content on google docs for the rest of the
    committee to see and edit.
  * arfoll BigSexyJasonAuld SamGoodburn will be responsible for their
    results from now on.
* ChairmanKris
  * ChairmanKris will add the e-mail addresses he has to the Google Docs
    spreadsheet.
* delcypher
  * delcypher will do future doodle polls for friday (evening) +
    saturday and Sunday evenings.
  * delcypher and joe____ will look into making the UUU an
    unincorporated charity
  * delcypher will write a draft constitution for the UUU which is
    necessary for us to be a charity.
  * delcypher arfoll and GK will speak about having a mailing list
* joe____
  * SimonBerry BigSexyJasonAuld SamGoodburn joe____ arfoll and Barry
    Gates will put their content on google docs for the rest of the
    committee to see and edit.
  * joe____ will open a new bank account for the UUU and have money from
    old UUU account transferred over due to long time it would take to
    hand over ownership of the old UUU bank account
  * joe____ will look in to the financial descrepancies visible in the
    UUU membership database.
  * joe____ will e-mail monthly statements to committee members to show
    our current financial state.
  * delcypher and joe____ will look into making the UUU an
    unincorporated charity
  * joe____ will speak to Roger from unicycle.com and ask him if he'd be
    interested in helping us promote BUC via flyers in orders and
    possibility on the website.
* SamGoodburn
  * SimonBerry BigSexyJasonAuld SamGoodburn joe____ arfoll and Barry
    Gates will put their content on google docs for the rest of the
    committee to see and edit.
  * SamGoodburn will ask Lucas Wintercrane & Trevor ??? if they know
    some of the missing freestyle results.
  * arfoll BigSexyJasonAuld SamGoodburn will be responsible for their
    results from now on.
  * SamGoodburn has been collecting e-mail addresses of people who might
    be interested in BUC. He will share the list as a google docs
    spreadsheet with the rest of the committee.
  * SamGoodburn will find out who the qualitifed level testers are
  * SamGoodburn will find the record of who was awarded what
  * SamGoodburn will find out what level testing system the UUU was
    using... and maybe what we should be using instead?
  * SamGoodburn will try to find level testing certificate templates.
* SimonBerry
  * SimonBerry BigSexyJasonAuld SamGoodburn joe____ arfoll and Barry
    Gates will put their content on google docs for the rest of the
    committee to see and edit.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* delcypher (156)
* ChairmanKris (70)
* arfoll (68)
* SamGoodburn (48)
* joe____ (48)
* BigSexyJasonAuld (21)
* SimonBerry (7)
* izqit (5)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4