=============
##uuu Meeting
=============


Meeting started by delcypher at 19:10:19 UTC.  The full logs are
available at ../../irc/1/uuu.2012-10-21-19.10.log.html .



Meeting summary
---------------

* Note which committee members are present  (delcypher, 19:10:40)
  * delcypher is Dan Liew - secretary  (delcypher, 19:11:15)
  * arfoll is Brendan Le Foll - trials  (arfoll, 19:11:22)
  * kris Abraham  (Chairman, 19:11:23)
  * I'm Gavin MacGregor (aka gkmac) the UUU webmaster.  (gkmac,
    19:11:32)
  * Jason Auld (aka scotland's sexiest unicyclist) Street rep
    (Voodoojason, 19:12:02)
  * Simon Berry - Flatland  (Simon____, 19:12:06)
  * Joe Baxter - Treasurer  (Joe_____, 19:12:08)

* New rep roles: What do they do?  (delcypher, 19:12:42)
  * New roles (flatland, freestyle, muni, street, trials) have been
    added and have been filled.  (delcypher, 19:13:42)
  * LINK:
    https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/1Pbe-pMD9MAb7v64bciqbUYhFfr2slutga2F0tLck_z4/edit#
    (delcypher, 19:15:25)
  * jason's memory is poor  (arfoll, 19:16:00)
  * Alan Hogan (IUF rep) just joined to the meeting with nickname iuf
    (delcypher, 19:18:56)
  * AGREED: Committee members will check their e-mail at least once
    every 3 days.  (delcypher, 19:19:55)
  * AGREED: Committee members will check the UUU forum at least every 3
    days (it is advised that committee members subscribe to the forum so
    that they do not need to check manually).  (delcypher, 19:24:49)
  * Voodoojason setup a facebook page here:
    https://www.facebook.com/theunionofukunicyclists  (delcypher,
    19:25:48)
  * delcypher setup a twitter acount : @UUUnicyclists  (delcypher,
    19:26:08)
  * delcypher currently has control over both facebook and twitter
    pages/accounts.  (delcypher, 19:26:30)
  * AGREED: Committee members will set an "out of office reply" on their
    e-mail accounts  (delcypher, 19:38:15)

* New rep roles: What do they do, how do they promote their discipline?
  (delcypher, 19:39:33)
  * AGREED: a role of reps will be to "Help/encourage others to organise
    rides"  (delcypher, 19:50:40)
  * AGREED: Committee members agree with current descriptions
    (delcypher, 19:59:34)

* communication: is it working okay?  (delcypher, 19:59:56)
  * AGREED: e-mail and forum communication is satisfactory  (delcypher,
    20:01:27)
  * AGREED: google docs is fine  (delcypher, 20:06:15)

* communication: open/closed forum?  (delcypher, 20:06:23)
  * AGREED: The UUU committee forum will be made public but with special
    permissions. Everyone can read/respond to a thread but only
    committee members can post new threads. This is not permanent and
    may be changed if we find it is not suitable.  (delcypher, 20:18:29)

* handover secretary, treasurer, IUF rep.  (delcypher, 20:19:21)
  * Sarah Miller has stepped down as secretary and has been replace by
    Dan Liew  (delcypher, 20:19:50)
  * Luke Dutton has stepped down as treasurer and has been replaced by
    Joe Baxter  (delcypher, 20:20:36)
  * ACTION: Joe_____ will speak to Luke and Sarah regarding the UUU bank
    account.  (delcypher, 20:22:11)
  * ACTION: Chairman will find out who former IUF was (probably
    Johnathan Marshall a.k.a rocket)  (delcypher, 20:29:54)
  * ACTION: delcypher will pass on contact details of former committee
    members.  (delcypher, 20:31:25)

* state of UUU membership  (delcypher, 20:31:33)
  * the UUU membership database is currently functioning and delcypher
    currently has access to it.  (delcypher, 20:32:06)
  * current UUU membership database is NOT secure and needs replacing!
    (delcypher, 20:33:40)
  * AGREED: A future version of UUU membership database will not store
    home addresses.  (delcypher, 20:34:56)
  * LINK:
    https://www.paypal.com/uk/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_display-receiving-fees-outside&countries=
    (delcypher, 20:37:36)
  * LINK: https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/home-merchant  (gossi,
    20:40:07)
  * ACTION: Joe_____ will find out how membership fees can be handled
    online (paypal or bank transfer)  (delcypher, 20:43:58)
  * ACTION: delcypher will see if the UUU can be registered as a
    non-profit organisation.  (delcypher, 20:46:49)
  * ACTION: Joe_____ will setup a paypal account  (delcypher, 20:48:22)
  * AGREED: The UUU will continue to accept cheque payments and cash at
    events. We will investigate doing online payments (e.g. paypall)
    (delcypher, 20:50:02)

* how do we encourage membership  (delcypher, 20:50:12)
  * Encouraging UUU membership, what the UUU does and UUU database will
    be discussed on another date.  (delcypher, 20:52:37)

* unfilled hockey role  (delcypher, 20:52:50)
  * Barry Gates has said he is happy to be hockey rep if no one else
    volunteers. No one else has (I contacted every hockey club I could
    find).  (delcypher, 20:53:28)
  * ACTION: Chairman will speak to Barry Gates about the seperate of the
    UK Unicycle hockey league and the UUU  (delcypher, 20:55:36)

* UUU website  (delcypher, 20:55:40)
  * Information is currently out of data and it is not easily edited by
    committee members  (delcypher, 20:56:07)
  * ACTION: gkmac will continue to investigate DokuWiki to allow
    committee members to easily edit UUU website.  (delcypher, 21:00:40)
  * AGREED: Reps will e-mail updated content for their discipline to
    gkmac so he can update the UUU website.  (delcypher, 21:04:25)
  * ACTION: Voodoojason , arfoll , Joe_____ , Simon____ ,
    FreeStyleRep_not_present and HockeyRep_not_present will e-mail
    updated content for their discipline to gkmac so he can update the
    UUU website.  (delcypher, 21:04:25)

* Old BUC websites do we need to keep them?  (delcypher, 21:04:52)
  * The old BUC websites are still available.  (delcypher, 21:05:25)
  * ACTION: gkmac will keep old BUC sites available. In the future
    attempt to post old results too if we can find them.  (delcypher,
    21:10:45)
  * AGREED: Future BUCs should have results properly recorded (and not
    lost).  (delcypher, 21:11:50)
  * ACTION: delcypher will contact Sarah Miller to see if any results
    can be retrieved.  (delcypher, 21:12:21)



Meeting ended at 21:15:06 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* arfoll
  * Voodoojason , arfoll , Joe_____ , Simon____ ,
    FreeStyleRep_not_present and HockeyRep_not_present will e-mail
    updated content for their discipline to gkmac so he can update the
    UUU website.
* Be
  * Joe_____ will find out how membership fees can be handled online
    (paypal or bank transfer)
  * delcypher will see if the UUU can be registered as a non-profit
    organisation.
  * delcypher will contact Sarah Miller to see if any results can be
    retrieved.
* Chairman
  * Chairman will find out who former IUF was (probably Johnathan
    Marshall a.k.a rocket)
  * Chairman will speak to Barry Gates about the seperate of the UK
    Unicycle hockey league and the UUU
* delcypher
  * delcypher will pass on contact details of former committee members.
  * delcypher will see if the UUU can be registered as a non-profit
    organisation.
  * delcypher will contact Sarah Miller to see if any results can be
    retrieved.
* FreeStyleRep_not_present
  * Voodoojason , arfoll , Joe_____ , Simon____ ,
    FreeStyleRep_not_present and HockeyRep_not_present will e-mail
    updated content for their discipline to gkmac so he can update the
    UUU website.
* gkmac
  * gkmac will continue to investigate DokuWiki to allow committee
    members to easily edit UUU website.
  * Voodoojason , arfoll , Joe_____ , Simon____ ,
    FreeStyleRep_not_present and HockeyRep_not_present will e-mail
    updated content for their discipline to gkmac so he can update the
    UUU website.
  * gkmac will keep old BUC sites available. In the future attempt to
    post old results too if we can find them.
* HockeyRep_not_present
  * Voodoojason , arfoll , Joe_____ , Simon____ ,
    FreeStyleRep_not_present and HockeyRep_not_present will e-mail
    updated content for their discipline to gkmac so he can update the
    UUU website.
* iuf
  * Chairman will find out who former IUF was (probably Johnathan
    Marshall a.k.a rocket)
* Joe_____
  * Joe_____ will speak to Luke and Sarah regarding the UUU bank
    account.
  * Joe_____ will find out how membership fees can be handled online
    (paypal or bank transfer)
  * Joe_____ will setup a paypal account
  * Voodoojason , arfoll , Joe_____ , Simon____ ,
    FreeStyleRep_not_present and HockeyRep_not_present will e-mail
    updated content for their discipline to gkmac so he can update the
    UUU website.
* Simon____
  * Voodoojason , arfoll , Joe_____ , Simon____ ,
    FreeStyleRep_not_present and HockeyRep_not_present will e-mail
    updated content for their discipline to gkmac so he can update the
    UUU website.
* Voodoojason
  * Voodoojason , arfoll , Joe_____ , Simon____ ,
    FreeStyleRep_not_present and HockeyRep_not_present will e-mail
    updated content for their discipline to gkmac so he can update the
    UUU website.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* delcypher (156)
* Joe_____ (133)
* arfoll (127)
* Chairman (112)
* gkmac (79)
* Voodoojason (65)
* gossi (21)
* Simon____ (17)
* iuf (5)
* izqit (4)
* Mowcius (3)
* Eddbmxdude (2)
* MIKKKEEEE (1)
* EmilyJ (1)
* Danifiver (1)
* FreeStyleRep_not_present (0)
* HockeyRep_not_present (0)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4
