<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>##uuu log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">20:20:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">20:20:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Meeting started Sun Oct 28 20:20:52 2012 UTC.  The chair is delcypher. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">20:20:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">20:21:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Could each commitee member note who they are and what their name is like so...
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">20:21:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher is Dan Liew - Secretary</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">20:21:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">gkmac is Gavin MacGregor - Webmaster</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">20:21:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">arfoll is Brendan Le Foll - Trials</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">20:21:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">SamGoodburn is Sam Goodburn - Freestyle</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">20:21:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> Alan Hogan ... IUF rep
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">20:22:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> Hi Barrygat
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">20:22:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Barrygat is Barry Gates - Hockey rep</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">20:22:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> hi all sorry I am late#
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">20:22:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_____:</span> Are you alive?
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">20:22:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> No I am dead from too much hockey!
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">20:23:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_____:</span> wakey, wakey?
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">20:24:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">joe_____ is Joe Baxter - Treasurer</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">20:24:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> I don't know if this is any use but I have frefone audio conferencing available from a work set up. Obviously doesn't log like this.
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">20:24:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Meh... well this a bit of a fail. I'll skip joe's bits
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">20:24:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> joe Baxter
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">20:25:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Barrygat:</span> There is no Audio for this. It's just text.
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">20:25:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> lets move faster, if people dont respond.. skip
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">20:25:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_____:</span> Are you here now?
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">20:25:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> Shame.
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">20:25:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> yeah cheers
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">20:25:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Progress report on bank account transfer</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">20:25:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> So joe any progress on getting control of the UUU's bank account?
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">20:26:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> spoke to sarah miller who sadis he will be back in touch with details once she isnt so busy... hopefully this coming week. Yet to hear back from Luke Dutton
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">20:26:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> ]#info joe_____ spoke to Sarah Miller who will get in touch when less buss. No responce from Luke Dutton
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">20:27:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Progress report about how membership fees can be handled online</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">20:27:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Any progress on this topic joe? Don't worry if there isn't. It's only been a week.
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">20:28:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> not much. I think we could pssobily apply for the lower paypal rates but i need to look into it more before i can confirm if its a go.
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">20:28:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">not much progress so far. joe_____ will continue to look into this</span>
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">20:29:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_____:</span> I take it you saw my message about not setting up a paypal account?
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">20:31:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Note we should probably not setup paypal account until UUU's legal status is sorted.</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">20:31:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Previous IUF rep</span>
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">20:31:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> It was keith griffiths
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">20:31:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> I e-mailed olaf fro IUF]
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">20:32:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> I need to be voted on by them
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">20:32:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> If you guys are happy to have me
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">20:32:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">iuf:</span> That's odd because Kris spoke to Johnathan Marshall (a.k.a Rocket) and he said he was the previosu rep. The UUU minute meetings also show he was the last person to hold the role.
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">20:32:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> yeah. Who needs to vote? The IUF vote you in??
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">20:32:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> sorry i dont understand, they vote for their members?
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">20:33:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> i remember hearing that rocket was a last minute replacement because keith was not going to Unicon so he may not have been the official rep
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">20:33:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> The IUF have to agree that I am ok for the role ....... Olaf seemed pretty convinced that it was keith
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">20:33:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Ah!
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">20:34:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> shouldnt be a problem
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">20:34:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">iuf:</span> Okay it may be necessary to speak to both Keith and Johnathan then to find out what actually happened
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">20:34:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> ok... I will contact them
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">20:34:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">iuf:</span> I am very happy for you to be IUF rep.
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">20:34:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> ok so who needs to get an emai with your nomination? Maybe Kris/chairman can email them saying you are our candidate for IUF rep
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">20:35:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> Might be good to get keith and rocket to send Olaf a mail also
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">20:35:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The IUF reported that Keith Grifis was the former IUF rep. However UUU records say that Johnathan Marshall was rep.</span>
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">20:35:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> Thats probably a good ides
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">20:36:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Sounds like a plan.
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">20:36:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">iuf:</span> Did you manage to find out from the IUF what the role actually involves because I have no idea what you're supposed to do.
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">20:37:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">iuf:</span> Sorry forgot the "?"
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">20:37:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> No..... kind of stumbled at that point....
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">20:37:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> You happy to investigate it? If so I'll note it in the minutes and then move on.
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">20:37:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> I think Rocket gave Kris some info about what was expected...
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">20:38:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> main thing I saw was about an annual report of memberships/ activities etc
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">20:38:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Barrygat:</span> Yes there was a little bit of information in the e-mail that Kris sent. Did you see that Alan?
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">20:38:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">20:38:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> why was that not copied to everyone?
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">20:39:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> To be honest I thought that should have been put on the forums. Not by e-mail. We are trying to be more open!
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">20:39:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> so how will that be resolved?
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">20:40:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">iuf:</span> Are you happy to continue investigating what the IUF rep is supposed to do and get the relevant info from whoever the former rep was?
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">20:41:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> yes.... I will contact the former reps to get a history and what was done..... if the chaiman/ secetary could e-mail olaf to say I am the new rep :)
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">20:42:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">iuf (committee member) will contact the former reps to get the history of what was done.</span>
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">20:42:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">iuf (committee member) will investigate what the roles of the IUF rep are.</span>
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">20:43:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher will inform the IUF that iuf (Alan Hogan) is our new IUF rep.</span>
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">20:43:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">iuf:</span> Do you have contact details for the IUF?
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">20:43:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> cool.... I will give you olafs e-mail ...... hopefull he will be at dusseldorf marathon and I can see him face to face
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">20:44:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">iuf:</span> Okay please e-mail the details when you have time.
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">20:44:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Reigstering the UUU as something</span>
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">20:44:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">iuf:</span> please CC comittee
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">20:44:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> will do
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">20:45:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">I've started investigating registering the UUU as "something". Currently UK law considers the UUU to be a "unincorporated association"</span>
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">20:46:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">It may be desirable in the future to turn the UUU into a "company limited by guarantee" to protect all members (including committee members) from legal action.</span>
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">20:46:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> from what you put on the forum, seems we should organise a constitution and decide wether to call ourselves a charity
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">20:46:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> being an unincorporated association sounds gd enough to me
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">20:47:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> It's okay as long as we don't get into debt or get sued.
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">20:47:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> Charity registration is a nightmare!!!
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">20:47:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">iuf:</span> its not, we dont even need to register...
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">20:47:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">iuf:</span> From what I've found so far if income &lt; £5000 we don't have to register. But we can still get "charity" status from the HMRC
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">20:47:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> hmm... ok
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">20:48:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> how hard is it to register as a company limited by guarantee?
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">20:48:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I think we should note that we can still be a non-profit organisation without being a charity
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">20:48:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> I'm sure. My girlfriend's mum recently did it though so I'm going to ask her how hard it is to do.
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">20:49:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> the charity status gives us reduced paypal fees...
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">20:49:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> sounds good, finding out from people with exp. is always good
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">20:50:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> From what I've read we don't have to be a charity. Paypal will accept non-profit organisations too.
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">20:51:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> doesnt seem to be whats written here : https://www.paypal.com/uk/charity/
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">20:51:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> anyways for another day/meeting - should move on
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">20:51:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Yes I think the issue of the UUU being/not being a charity could be debated a lot. I think should continue the discussion in the forums.
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">20:52:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The issue will be discussed in the forums http://www.unicycle.org.uk/forum/viewtopic.php?f=11&amp;t=999</span>
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">20:52:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Writing a constitution</span>
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">20:52:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> its 52 past, this can be discussed on forum in same or diff thread
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">20:52:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Just a minor note. Whatever course of action we take we will need to write a constitution for the UUU because it doesn't have one.</span>
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">20:53:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Retrieving previous BUC results</span>
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">20:53:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher contacted previous organisers of BUCs. Only heard back from Sarah Miller who said she was currently busy but would get back to me.</span>
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">20:53:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> Individual BUC websites? Asking Sarah Miller? Asking current Trophy Holders?
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">20:54:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SamGoodburn:</span> most websites have no info
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">20:54:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> Current trophy holders then?
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">20:54:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> trophy holders could give us the winners, but ideally we'd like more
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">20:54:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SamGoodburn:</span> I don't know any trophy holders so it doesn't help me.
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">20:54:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> would be a good backup though
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">20:54:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> I have archives of past BUC websites and there's virtually nothing on those websites.
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">20:54:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> JUST must have  record of the results for the BUCs they held?
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">20:55:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_____:</span> JUST gave a very good record of results for the previous BUC (2010) before that there's practically nothing!
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">20:55:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> could possibly look on unicyclist.com results could have been posted on there
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">20:56:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> good call
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">20:56:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_____:</span> Roger Davies helped organised many of the early BUCs. If you see him at all could you ask him about previous results. I e-mailed him but heard nothing back.
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">20:56:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> JUST have the group freestyle, Emily has the pairs, Jake Bulmers currently is in possesion of individual freestyle and voodoo members should have the rest
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">20:57:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher will check unicycle.com to see if BUC records are there</span>
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">20:58:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SamGoodburn:</span> Is that for 2010? If so all the results are here : http://www.unicycle.org.uk/buc17/results.html
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">20:59:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> Sorry, what I mean is the trophies have the previous winners engraved on them (up to a certain point)
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">20:59:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SamGoodburn:</span> Ah good point. Do the UUU have trophies or do the previous winners have them?
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">21:00:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> the last winners have them
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">21:00:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> only gives us absolute winners... we should try find more detailed records if possible
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">21:00:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> trials and street from the last VUC and the rest from the 2010 BUC
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">21:00:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher Will contact the last Previous BUC winners to find out what names are engraved on trophies.</span>
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">21:01:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> I know, but it's a start. At the moment I have no information before 2010
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">21:01:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Anyway let's move on!
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">21:01:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> no, it should be the last resort... not the start!
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">21:01:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> I'm not sure what else I can do. I've tried contacting the previous organisers and not heard anything. I was suprised I didn't here anything from Roger though.
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">21:02:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Anyway shall we move on?
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">21:02:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> logging the info on the trophies wouldn't be too much of a struggle though. Worth doing either way.
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">21:02:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> trying for one week... and maybe try facebookin' roger or emailing unicycle.com
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">21:02:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">http://www.unicyclist.com/forums/showthread.php?t=32099&amp;highlight=british+unicycle+results</span>
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">21:02:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> nice joe_____
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">21:03:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_____:</span> Cool I didn't know about that one. Nice find Joe!
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">21:03:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">joe_____ Found BUC 2004 results at http://www.unicyclist.com/forums/showthread.php?t=32099&amp;highlight=british+unicycle+results</span>
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">21:03:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_____:</span> Do you have any other gems?
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">21:04:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Right let's move on haven't even started discussing BUCs yet!
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">21:04:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Progress report on UUU website</span>
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">21:04:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> Any progress to report?
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">21:06:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izqit:</span> seen gkmac
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">21:06:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> gkmac was last seen in ##uuu 11 minutes and 33 seconds ago: &lt;gkmac&gt; I have archives of past BUC websites and there's virtually nothing on those websites.
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">21:06:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> Well I'm trying to port the UUU website look to Dokiwiki, which is turning out to be a bit trickier than I thought.
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">21:07:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> Don't feel you have to keep the layout I designed all those years ago! I don't think it's very good (especially by today's standards). So feel free to completly change it.
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">21:07:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> I know this is not UUU website but I am currently working on an extension to unicycle hockey web site that will give a "how to play" list of pages...broken down by beginner, intermediate and advanced. You may want to consider similar for other disciplines of unicycling to encourage interest.
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">21:08:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> Well your design was changed somewhat, it was kind of half-merged with phpBB's prosilver look.
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">21:08:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> I hope to link in some videos too.
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">21:09:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Barrygat:</span> Although that is a good idea. Have you considered improving the Unicyclopedia? http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/The_Unicyclopedia
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">21:09:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> I will look at it.
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">21:09:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Barrygat:</span> There's a lot of good information there but it's become out of date unfortunately.
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">21:09:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> Hey Barry, I like that idea, an archive for each discipline with basic tutorial videos.
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">21:10:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SamGoodburn:</span> That sort of thing is already here : http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/The_Unicyclopedia/Freestyle
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">21:10:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> like delcypher said I think thats best put in wikibook or similar since theres nothing particularly 'UK' about it
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">21:10:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> doesnt mean we cant help out with doing that obviously
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">21:11:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> Ok, I will try to update the wikibooks and link that in to the unicycle hockey site...hopefully it takes youtube links as well.
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">21:12:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">gkmac has started looking at using DokiWiki to replace current UUU website. It is proving to be difficult.</span>
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">21:12:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> Difficult, but not impossible.
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">21:12:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> It's just the look that will take some time.
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">21:13:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> Everything else about Dokuwiki is brilliant, it integrates very well with phpBB's user database.
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">21:13:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> well i personally think the current look is pretty bad, so if it could be changed/redesigned at the same time...
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">21:13:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gkmac:</span> Although I see you've sort merged by layout with your own I think the organisation and mobile compatibility should be considered.
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">21:14:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> phpBB does have a mobile skin which may be a good candidate. Let me see if I can find the link...
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">21:14:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> https://www.phpbb.com/customise/db/style/prosilver_mobile/
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">21:15:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> Does that look "smartphone"-ish enough?
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">21:16:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> That's not bad. As long as it integrates well with the wiki pages too. It is also useful to have a "Desktop view" link somewhere too that will render the desktop page even if you're on a mobile phone.
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">21:16:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> looks good to me
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">21:17:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Anyway I think we should move on. We should probably have a meeting just to discuss the UUU website at some point, agreed?
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">21:17:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> anyways if you want more feedback ask on forum
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">21:17:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">21:17:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> Yes, agreed
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">21:17:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">UUU website issues will be discussed at another meeting.</span>
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">21:18:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Discipline reps putting stop gap material on the UUU website</span>
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">21:18:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Have the discipline reps provided gkmac with any material yet?
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">21:18:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> I haven't received anything as of yet.
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">21:18:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> what is stop gap material?
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">21:19:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SamGoodburn:</span> stop gap as in before the UUU website gets redone
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">21:19:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Just a bit of background for SamGoodburn and Barrygat . In the last meeting we decided that we need to put some up to date material about each discipline on the UUU website.
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">21:20:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> We decided that each discipline rep would e-mail gkmac with what they want put on their discipline (e.g. hockey, freestyle) page.
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">21:20:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> Ah, so a one pager on hockey  (fromme)?
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">21:20:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> It doesn't need to be anything fancy. In your case Barrygat, we could just link to your website for the time being?
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">21:20:59 </span><span class="nka">* arfoll</span> <span class="ac">is away</span>
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">21:21:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Barrygat:</span> Yes, essentially a "one pager" on hockey from you.
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">21:21:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> On the main hockey page there is a link to www.unicycle-hockey.co.uk in the top paragraph.
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">21:21:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> OK I will put some words down. Yes definitely link to the relelvant intro on unicycle hockey site. I will provide url.
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">21:21:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> Thats good! I will find some material and talk to some other freestyle riders about it.
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">21:21:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Okay Sam
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">21:22:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> Leave it to me . I will get back to you. Do I just email UUU?
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">21:22:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">SamGoodburn will produce some material to go on the UUU website</span>
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">21:22:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Barrygat will produce some hockey material to go on the UUU website</span>
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">21:22:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> sorry can we move on to BUC site? I need to go very soon
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">21:22:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_____:</span> ok
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">21:22:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> Yes, let's talk BUC
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">21:22:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Barrygat:</span> e-mail webmaster@unicycle.org.uk
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">21:23:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">BUC: Venue</span>
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">21:23:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> possible venues?
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">21:23:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> I would like something central if possible...Birmingham, midlands, etc.
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">21:24:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Okay I don't know how BUC locations have been choosen in the past. Have unicycle groups (like JUST) volunteered or have the UUU just gone ahead and picked a location (like Sarah Miller did in Okehampton one year).
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">21:24:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> but who can organise it there?
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">21:24:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> this has been the problem in the past
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">21:24:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;iuf&gt;</span> Hmmm thats not central lol
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">21:24:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> Central would be best. Perhaps we could talk to the organisers of the Uni-meets.
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">21:24:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> Remember most people will drive but we need to allow train access.
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">21:24:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> How about Steve Graniger's new venue in Worcester?
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">21:25:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> Sorry Sam ...ditto
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">21:25:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SamGoodburn:</span> What Uni-meets are you talking about?
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">21:25:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> Steve Grainger organised BUC15 with someone else, so he does have experience.
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">21:26:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> His daughter is a very good unicyclist aswell
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">21:26:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> Steve gets very good rate on one big hall and one small hall for a whole day.
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">21:26:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> Steve is a good shout
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">21:26:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> Is the uni-meets held in a school?
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">21:26:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> There are other interesting bits and pieces at that site.. its hilly. Good for trials, Muni.
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">21:26:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> in the past, successful BUCs hve been hosted my volunteer clubs.
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">21:27:12 </span><span class="nka">* arfoll</span> <span class="ac">is back</span>
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">21:27:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> we have tried BUCs in the past, where one person has tried to arrange everything and it hasnt worked too successfully
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">21:27:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Sam:</span> Yes, its a school
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">21:27:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> asking people to do it doesnt woek
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">21:28:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> there needs a be a well organised gorup, ideally local to the venue
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">21:28:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> this is why JUST BUCs work
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">21:28:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> Perhaps we should do JUST again then?
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">21:28:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> they put so much time and effort in. Things dont just happen
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">21:29:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> any chance JUST want to organise another one?
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">21:29:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> The perhaps contact one of the circus groups to run it. other than that I cant think of any other unicycle clubs than JUST
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">21:29:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> someone needs to approach them. I know they have talked about it as a committee but I dont know what the decision was
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">21:30:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_____:</span> What are the train links like in Stockton? Any good?
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">21:31:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> as far as I know, pretty good. Darlington isnt far away, and thats on the main east coast line
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">21:32:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> JUST, Uni-meets, a Unicycle hockey club or one of the large circus groups.
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">21:32:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> they're not great i know pick ups where arenged when i went to buc14
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">21:32:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Hmm 3-4hrs from London Kings Cross. Not too bad I suppose, but the price is horrific :(
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">21:33:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> easy to organise lifts for people down south
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">21:33:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> i know how you feel. It was further for Jas and I coming down to Exeter haha
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">21:34:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> anyways theres no other organised group in the UK who are so good aat organising the event . i'd love someone else to do it more central but...
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">21:34:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> okay, so how about someone from the committee sends out emails to unicycle/circus groups to see if anyone is interested in hosting? Its a start
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">21:34:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I'm happy to do that.
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">21:34:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">21:35:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> +1. do it
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">21:35:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher Will find and contact unicycle groups across the country and ask if they are interested in hosting the next BUC.</span>
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">21:35:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> You should ask Steve Grainger anyway....he has a big interest of this sort of thing
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">21:35:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> it would be sweet to have something for next spring. I know that isnt far off really.
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">21:35:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Barrygat:</span> Could you give me the contact details of Steve Grainger. I don't know who he is.
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">21:35:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> I will PM you his email.
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">21:36:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> forum post I think instead of email - then email the link to JUST + steve
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">21:36:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Barrygat:</span> /msg delcypher text
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">21:36:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> id say email
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">21:36:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> Not polite to post e-mail addresses in forums, opens the floodgates for spam.
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">21:36:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> its too impersonally on the forum
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">21:37:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> id say email JUST. They can talk about it at their meeting then get back to you.
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">21:37:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i'm not saying postign emails on forums.
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">21:37:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> they wouldnt post on the forum without consulting the committee
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">21:37:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> no, but instead of a link
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">21:38:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i just think we should have a public post somewhere saying we are contacting clubs/groups and if anyone is interested in organising a BUC
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">21:39:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> How about this? I'll put a post on the forums publically asking for offers to host a BUC. I'll e-mail Steve and JUST personally and ask them to either reply in the forum or contact me personally
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">21:39:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> exactly what I was trying to say...
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">21:39:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> spot on
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">21:40:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> BTW, Steve runs a circus skills company..he has a professional interest....http://www.shootingstarscircus.co.uk/
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">21:40:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher will make a public post on UUU forums asking for hosts for BUC. JUST and Steve Grainger will be contacted personally and asked to reply in forums or contact secretary.</span>
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">21:40:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Okay let's move on to a few other issues.
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">21:40:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">BUC : When should it be held?</span>
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">21:41:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> easter holidays is a gd time IMHO
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">21:41:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I remember BUCs being held around easter but that may be too soon considering that we don't have a host yet.
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">21:42:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> tbh organisers get to decide i say ;-)
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">21:42:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> What do others think?
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">21:43:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Of course they will, but it is nice to try and think what would be a suitable time for most unicyclists.
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">21:43:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Anyone else have any thoughts?
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">21:44:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> totally up to the organisers
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">21:44:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Easter was suggested, but it was noted that the organisers will have the final say.</span>
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">21:44:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> most unicyclists != 7 people in this meeting.... maybe a public forum post for people to discuss vote? so organisers can get a feeling of what people think
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">21:44:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> I think it doesn't really matter when it is. Depending on how long it takes to organise could be at the end of 2013 if needed.
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">21:45:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Okay. Shall I make a post in the forums about it? Or shall I wait until we know if we have a host?
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">21:45:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> Easter is always good, but depending on when the venue is available and how quickly the hosts can arrange all aspects of the convention. ie, additional venues, sleeping arrangments, secuity, catering, insurance etc it wont happen until its all in place
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">21:45:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> i say wait until someone comes forward to host it
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">21:46:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> no point setting a date without a host.
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">21:46:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gkmac&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">wait until someone comes forward to host it.</span>
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">21:46:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> leave decisions about when till we find a host
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">21:46:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_____:</span> Okay.
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">21:46:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> id be happy having it at the end of 2013 than not at all
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">21:46:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">No decision until a host is found.</span>
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">21:46:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> dont want to scare any potential organisers off by saying we want it all sorted for X Date
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">21:47:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">BUC: UUU involvement</span>
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">21:47:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> support as much as possbile
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">21:48:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> advertisment via forum
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">21:48:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_____:</span> How involved do you think the UUU should get in organising the BUC? Personally I think our reps should have a say in how their competition/event is run
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">21:48:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> each rep should support thier discipline as a minimum
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">21:48:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> each discpline representative just help as much as possible with organisation of each displine
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">21:49:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_____:</span> For example Joe. I'm sure you'd like to have a big say in how the Muni event is run.
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">21:49:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> yeah.
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">21:49:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> maybe we could alocate the job of discpline organiser to each rep?
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">21:50:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> this way its much less or the organisers to deal with
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">21:50:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> agreed
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">21:50:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">UUU should advertise via forum</span>
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">21:50:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> the rep can allocate jobs to others, so its all broken down into little bits basicly
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">21:50:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_____:</span> I agree with this. arfoll ?
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">21:51:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> ie Trials rep is in charge of arranging the trials comp
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">21:51:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> or at the very least they should be responsible for finding a replacement to organise the disciplin
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">21:51:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> sounds good to me
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">21:51:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> he allocates colecting gear to build course to a couple of people
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">21:52:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> allocates building to another few people
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">21:52:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> someone else to sort score cards,
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">21:52:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> etc etc
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">21:52:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Barrygat:</span> Any opinions?
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">21:52:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> dunno at some level i think the collecting of gear will need organisers to try get materials etc...
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">21:52:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> that way many hands make light work
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">21:52:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> but as far as building/scoring etc... sure
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">21:52:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> yeah, but the rep can sort that with the organisers
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">21:54:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> maybe say to them, if you supply X Y and Z in way of materials for the course, they can oversee the building and running of the whole comp.
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">21:54:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> I think trials is the most compliczted to run
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">21:54:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">UUU discipline reps should help organise their events (or at least find some to organise it)</span>
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">21:54:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> due to the amount of building work and materials required
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">21:54:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> Hmm, thinking about this. Hockey is a tricky one. It requires exclusive use of an expensive resource. I am happy to organise it but feel there may be a "rate card" needed in registration where people express an interest in each discipline. So different discipline costs differing amounts...is this too complicated?
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">21:54:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> uhm yes i  agree materials/building for trials is not that simple
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">21:54:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> If we get BUC running. I'm willing to help you. I want an awesome trials course :D
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">21:55:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> whats the expensive resource Barry?
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">21:55:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> TBH, I can probably organise a hockey tournament anywhere...just need to book a hall. Its the hall that is expensive.
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">21:55:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_____:</span> I think he's refferring to the two halls that a unicycle hockey tournament uses ALL DAY!
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">21:55:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> do you think people would mind partly playing hockey in an outdoor court if there isn't enough hall space?
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">21:56:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Sam:</span> good shout....worth thinking about.
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">21:56:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> okay. But the hall will (hopefully) be part of the venue
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">21:57:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> I do think there needs to be hall space for beginners, freestyle and socialising though.
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">21:57:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Joe:</span> Yes, that has traditionally been the way it works but it causes scheduling difficulties
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">21:57:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> we can only speculate for now, until anyone comes forward with a proposed venue
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">21:57:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> One issue that did come up a previous BUC is scheduling conflicts. At one BUC, trials was held at the same time as hockey... I wanted to do both :(
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">21:57:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Joe:</span> I agree...let's park it for now.
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">21:57:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Okay
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">21:58:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i dont think there should be different prices for different events, very hard to police and could make inidvidual event costs like hockey go sky high
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">21:58:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> BUC 09 when there was hockey all day in the only hall and it was raining and no trials course allowed there wasnt much space for other people to go.
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">21:58:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SamGoodburn&gt;</span> *2009
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">21:58:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Shall we discuss the last points of the agenda ( Some of the ideas that have been suggested)? Or shall we end the meeting?
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">21:58:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> yeah, i say sent the emails and post up on the forum. hopefully by next meeting there is some interest, or at least gets the ball rolling
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">21:59:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i need to go so I say end the meeting ;-)
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">21:59:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_____:</span> There's already been a post on forum. I'm proactive --&gt; http://www.unicycle.org.uk/forum/viewtopic.php?f=2&amp;t=996
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">21:59:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Barrygat&gt;</span> Yes, footie calls!
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">21:59:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> what a guy!
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">21:59:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_____&gt;</span> yeah, bed calls!
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">21:59:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">A post on the UUU forum asking for BUC idea has been put up at http://www.unicycle.org.uk/forum/viewtopic.php?f=2&amp;t=996</span>
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">21:59:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> okay let's finish
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">21:59:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
