<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>##uuu: 12th UUU IRC Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>##uuu: 12th UUU IRC Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by delcypher at 20:07:45 UTC
(<a href="uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">delcypher is Dan Liew (Secretary)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-5'>delcypher</a>,
    20:08:00)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">arfoll is Brendan Le Foll (Trials rep)</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-6'>delcypher</a>,
    20:08:17)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">joe_treasurer is Joe Baxter</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-7'>joe_treasurer</a>,
    20:08:23)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">kris is Kris Abraham (Chairperson)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-8'>delcypher</a>,
    20:08:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">joe_treasurer is Joe Baxter (treasurer and muni
    rep)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-9'>joe_treasurer</a>,
    20:09:13)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">abbythesmall is Abby Williams who recently
    volunteered to help the UUU</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-10'>delcypher</a>,
    20:09:18)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Bank account status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-11'>delcypher</a>, 20:09:26)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">This finally sorted. Joe, Kris and Dan have
    online access.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-12'>delcypher</a>,
    20:09:44)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">joe_treasurer
    will look into enabling telephone banking. This is mainly for
    sorting out broken logins</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-27'>delcypher</a>,
    20:15:06)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Website stuff</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-29'>delcypher</a>, 20:15:16)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Gavin MacGregor has resigned of UUU website,
    after quite a few years of service.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-30'>delcypher</a>,
    20:15:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">delcypher is the temporary webmaster, although
    he still needs to sort out access.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-32'>delcypher</a>,
    20:16:13)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">delcypher
    will discuss proposal to change UUU website (use statically
    generated HTML via Jekyll hosted on GitHub)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-43'>delcypher</a>,
    20:19:26)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Street Rep (Jason Auld) has resigned</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-46'>delcypher</a>, 20:21:09)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Jason recently emailed the committee members to
    announcing his resignation, citing his lack of contributions</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-47'>delcypher</a>,
    20:22:05)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">The State of the UUU. Where are we going?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-52'>delcypher</a>, 20:23:48)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Until very recently the UUU was pretty much
    dead. We hardly post on facebook/twitter about events, none of us
    attended Unicon and the plan BUC fell flat due our own
    inaction</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-53'>delcypher</a>,
    20:24:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We need to evaluate what the UUU's role
    actually is. Possibly smaller goals?</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-56'>delcypher</a>,
    20:25:22)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">BUC2015, maybe hold at BJC?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-85'>delcypher</a>, 20:34:45)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kris will
    contact the BJC committee to find out what options are available for
    holding unicycle competitions at BJC</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-94'>delcypher</a>,
    20:37:17)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kris will
    compile a list of questions to ask the BJC team in the following doc
    https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/1VkNTHLnLQP0UQVavPqaZ7S6PgMuwEdd4S2JFAj98seI/edit</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-115'>delcypher</a>,
    20:44:24)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Abby Williams recently got in touch offering to help out the UUU</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-119'>delcypher</a>, 20:46:07)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">For now
    abbythesmall will join the UUU meetings and will let us know if
    anything we need doing sounds interesting to her</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-139'>delcypher</a>,
    20:58:30)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Vote to remove slect discipline reps (muni, trials, street, road, flatland, freestyle) if they aren't effective</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-140'>delcypher</a>, 20:58:57)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">We have a problem. We have quite a few
    discipline reps (we even have two road reps) but a few don't really
    contribute much and delay setting up meetings because they never
    reply to the doodle polls</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-142'>delcypher</a>,
    20:59:42)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">VOTE</i>: <span class="VOTE">Voted on "Should
    all discipline reps be made just "committee" members?" Results are,
    yes: 5</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-219'>delcypher</a>,
    21:22:50)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">discipline
    rep roles will be made into "committee members"</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html#l-224'>delcypher</a>,
    21:23:28)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 21:28:06 UTC
(<a href="uuu.2014-08-13-20.07.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>joe_treasurer will look into enabling telephone banking. This is mainly for sorting out broken logins</li>
  <li>delcypher will discuss proposal to change UUU website (use statically generated HTML via Jekyll hosted on GitHub)</li>
  <li>kris will contact the BJC committee to find out what options are available for holding unicycle competitions at BJC</li>
  <li>kris will compile a list of questions to ask the BJC team in the following doc https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/1VkNTHLnLQP0UQVavPqaZ7S6PgMuwEdd4S2JFAj98seI/edit</li>
  <li>For now abbythesmall will join the UUU meetings and will let us know if anything we need doing sounds interesting to her</li>
  <li>discipline rep roles will be made into "committee members"</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> abbythesmall <ol>
    <li>For now abbythesmall will join the UUU meetings and will let us know if anything we need doing sounds interesting to her</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> delcypher <ol>
    <li>delcypher will discuss proposal to change UUU website (use statically generated HTML via Jekyll hosted on GitHub)</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> joe_treasurer <ol>
    <li>joe_treasurer will look into enabling telephone banking. This is mainly for sorting out broken logins</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> kris <ol>
    <li>kris will contact the BJC committee to find out what options are available for holding unicycle competitions at BJC</li>
    <li>kris will compile a list of questions to ask the BJC team in the following doc https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/1VkNTHLnLQP0UQVavPqaZ7S6PgMuwEdd4S2JFAj98seI/edit</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>delcypher (84)</li>
  <li>arfoll (59)</li>
  <li>kris (46)</li>
  <li>joe_treasurer (36)</li>
  <li>abbythesmall (22)</li>
  <li>izqit (7)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
