<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>##uuu log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">20:07:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">12th UUU IRC Meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">20:07:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Aug 13 20:07:45 2014 UTC and is due to finish in 60 minutes.  The chair is delcypher. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">20:07:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #info #idea #link #topic #startvote.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">20:07:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to '12th_uuu_irc_meeting'
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">20:08:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher is Dan Liew (Secretary)</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">20:08:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">arfoll is Brendan Le Foll (Trials rep)</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">20:08:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">joe_treasurer is Joe Baxter</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">20:08:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">kris is Kris Abraham (Chairperson)</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">20:09:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">joe_treasurer is Joe Baxter (treasurer and muni rep)</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">20:09:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">abbythesmall is Abby Williams who recently volunteered to help the UUU</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">20:09:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Bank account status</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">20:09:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">This finally sorted. Joe, Kris and Dan have online access.</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">20:09:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">20:10:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> WOOO!
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">20:10:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_treasurer:</span> Anything you want to add before I move to the next topic?
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">20:10:15 </span><span class="nka">* arfoll</span> <span class="ac">distributes drinks all around</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">20:10:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> i was advised to set up telephone banking. Do the commitee wish me to proceed
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">20:11:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> surely online banking superseeds telephone?
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">20:11:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_treasurer:</span> Can you remind of the reason you wanted that? I think you mentioned it a while ago but I don't remember what it was.
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">20:12:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> advised by the branch and internet banking helpline, as with telephone banking security set up you can talk to them if you have issues logging in etc. i had real trouble with that Â£6 fee i managed to get refunded due to not having telephone security set up
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">20:13:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> the security questions which were set were all relating to Luke Dutton... so i couldnt access our own account over the phone
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">20:13:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_treasurer:</span> Okay Joe. Does that mean each of us (i.e. Kris and I) have to fill in more forms... eurgh
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">20:13:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">20:14:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> i will look into it. i believe i should just be able to set it up and inform each of you of the security details
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">20:14:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_treasurer:</span> I think enabling telephone banking is okay provided there is something in place which means no one person named for telephone can abuse it
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">20:15:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> yeah. i will look into putting limited on it when i set it up
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">20:15:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">joe_treasurer will look into enabling telephone banking. This is mainly for sorting out broken logins</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">20:15:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> okay great next topic
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">20:15:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Website stuff</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">20:15:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Gavin MacGregor has resigned of UUU website, after quite a few years of service.</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">20:15:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> are we getting a new webmaster? do we need one?
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">20:16:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher is the temporary webmaster, although he still needs to sort out access.</span>
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">20:16:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kris:</span> we just bully delcypher into doing it :) much easier :)
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">20:16:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> Result!
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">20:17:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kris:</span> We do need one. arfoll and I were discussing before the meeting a radical change to how the UUU website works which would result in much easier maintenance, free webhosting and best of all NO PHP!
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">20:18:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> and u had nothing to do with that php did u....
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">20:18:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> NO PHP sounds awsome!!
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">20:18:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> i have no idea :-(
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">20:18:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I think it may be best to leave the discussion of this to our mailing list because I don't want to bog the meeting down in technical details
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">20:19:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i think me &amp; delcypher essentially have a plan, should be ok
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">20:19:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> easyer maintenance sounds like a plan though! gavin said he spent alot of time on it
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">20:19:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> i agree
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">20:19:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">delcypher will discuss proposal to change UUU website (use statically generated HTML via Jekyll hosted on GitHub)</span>
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">20:20:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Great anything else we want to discuss about this before we move on to the next topic?
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">20:20:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I'll take the silence as a no. Next topic.
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">20:21:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Street Rep (Jason Auld) has resigned</span>
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">20:22:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Jason recently emailed the committee members to announcing his resignation, citing his lack of contributions</span>
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">20:22:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Do we want to say any more on this, before the next topic?
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">20:22:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> Not much to add
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">20:23:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> move on
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">20:23:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> By by Jason X
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">20:23:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">The State of the UUU. Where are we going?</span>
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">20:24:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Until very recently the UUU was pretty much dead. We hardly post on facebook/twitter about events, none of us attended Unicon and the plan BUC fell flat due our own inaction</span>
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">20:24:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> well i think we're not doing anything atm. We have a website that's fairly unused, we dont reply to emails much and we're not planning a BUC
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">20:25:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> Its true we have gone stale
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">20:25:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We need to evaluate what the UUU's role actually is. Possibly smaller goals?</span>
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">20:25:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i think we should do another BUC possibly at BJC, we where quite good at doing BUC
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">20:25:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> BJC comitte asked us if we would like to do a colaboration
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">20:26:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> I agree theres a lack of life in uuu. BUC has proved harder to organise than originally thought
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">20:26:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> i think that is a good achivable target
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">20:26:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abbythesmall&gt;</span> it would be cool to hold a BUC.
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">20:26:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> although we should not be put off. its never going to be easy as we have found it. especially as we are so spread out
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">20:27:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kris:</span> I know, we really should of taken them up on the offer. It is the last topic on the agenda but I think holding unicycle events at BJC may be a sensible way forward. We can always decide to start organise BUC as a separate thing if we find we have the man power.
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">20:27:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i'd like to think we could do a trials only event but honestly I dont think theres enough people that would come
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">20:28:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> unless we aproach JUST or another well backed club who have experiance and man power to pull a BUC off
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">20:28:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Unfortunately yes. arfoll and I posted about "Tarty days" a few months ago which is pretty much a trials only event and we were the only unicyclists there :(
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">20:28:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abbythesmall&gt;</span> its people knowing its happening, i never knew there were BUC's or other unicycle events around.
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">20:28:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> iagree, i would like to do it with BJC, sounds like it would be much easier
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">20:28:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abbythesmall:</span> I really think we lack riders who are willing to travel a bit
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">20:29:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abbythesmall&gt;</span> well that is also  true.
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">20:29:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> tartydays is exactly the kind of event i think we could do (maybe on smaller scale) but I dont think we'd get many riders
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">20:29:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abbythesmall:</span> it is difficult to advertise, we found that at the last buc
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">20:29:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abbythesmall&gt;</span> yes i do understand that. :)
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">20:30:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> but BJC has loads of unicyclists apparently, Rodger recons they have a bigger trials course then buc ...or have done in the past
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">20:30:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abbythesmall:</span> Yes part of the problem is we don't publicise events very well. You probably saw it on the topic list but one thing I was proposing was you could be our "social network" officer if you wanted to help promote events online
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">20:30:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> oh man we seem to be in three topics at once
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">20:30:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> i think plan A should be to contact the bjc comitte appologise for the late responce and see what we could sort out
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">20:31:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> BJC had Voodoo and JUST there with loads of unicycles and trails equipment
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">20:31:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abbythesmall&gt;</span> yes  i had seen that!
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">20:33:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> honestly i dont think we should rely on others
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">20:33:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> realistically the biggest need for things is street &amp; trials
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">20:34:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> the rest needs essentially a large hall and games being organised
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">20:34:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> maybe we should do a BUC without street &amp; trials
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">20:34:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> hmm okay let's get this meeting back on track... too many things going at once. Let's just jump to BUC topic and then jump back to others.
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">20:34:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">BUC2015, maybe hold at BJC?</span>
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">20:35:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Without street and trials BUC doesn't have much left. Hockey, muni and flatland!
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">20:35:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> and muni is off site
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">20:35:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> I think we should deffinatly talk to them to see what proposals there are then we can make a decission
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">20:35:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> most people would come for trials and street i think
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">20:36:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> ok then who do we have to organise street?
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">20:36:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> i agree
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">20:36:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kris:</span> Thanks kris. That seems like a sensible suggestion
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">20:36:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> i think Jason would actually organise the Street comp if we had a BUC
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">20:37:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">kris will contact the BJC committee to find out what options are available for holding unicycle competitions at BJC</span>
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">20:37:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> i honestly think jason might organise some of the street, i know hes stood down as rep but im sure he would get involved for the day to help out
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">20:37:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> honestly i dont think jason did a very good job at buc
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">20:38:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abbythesmall&gt;</span> i would volunteer , but i'm no idea when it comes to street!
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">20:38:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> maybe one of the Hawkes brothers then?
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">20:38:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Well I think the experience has taught us we need to bring in more people to help us. During BUC we had people offering to help next time so we might be able to get more help next time around.
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">20:39:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> yes well they did the speed trials &amp; street IMHO so I think we should ask them or others
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">20:39:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> cool...minor details
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">20:39:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> but I still think our biggest issue is attendance
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">20:40:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> how do we convince people to come. especially if BJC entry is quite expensive no?
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">20:40:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> BJC does have staff. Perhaps they could also help?
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">20:41:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> we will have to ask, maybe two day tickets just for buc along side bjc. i duno
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">20:41:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Also I think you can buy tickets for a single day. This would suit unicyclists who are only interested in one event
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">20:41:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> yeah i guess, lots of questions
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">20:41:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> they might do a BUC ticket
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">20:42:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kris:</span> Do you think you could compile a list of questions to ask the BJC team, as you can see we already have a bunch piling up.
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">20:42:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> jas and i were there for 2 nights last time for a voodoo show. couldnt stand much longer... different crowd to unicyclists
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">20:42:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> although its well attended, they have man power and a big budget
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">20:43:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> no problem, ill get on it tomorrow feal rude having left it so long already
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">20:43:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kris:</span> Okay here's a link to a google docs document to get started https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/1VkNTHLnLQP0UQVavPqaZ7S6PgMuwEdd4S2JFAj98seI/edit
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">20:44:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> sexy!
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">20:44:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">kris will compile a list of questions to ask the BJC team in the following doc https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/1VkNTHLnLQP0UQVavPqaZ7S6PgMuwEdd4S2JFAj98seI/edit</span>
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">20:45:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kris:</span> It's probably going to require more discussion to figure out what to ask but I suggest we switch topic because we're running out of time and there's two really important topics I want to get to
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">20:45:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kris:</span> We can always discuss on the mailing list afterwards
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">20:45:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> ok
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">20:46:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Abby Williams recently got in touch offering to help out the UUU</span>
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">20:46:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abbythesmall:</span> what would you like to do?
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">20:46:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abbythesmall&gt;</span> i don't really mind!  whatever needs doing really
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">20:47:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abbythesmall:</span> appreciate the help! thanks for getting in contact
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">20:47:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abbythesmall&gt;</span> thats okay :)
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">20:48:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abbythesmall:</span> Out of curiosity. What sort of unicycling are interested in. .e.g Trials, street, freestyle...?
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">20:49:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abbythesmall&gt;</span> not to sure really,   i'm not the best at it,  but i'm learning!  road and muni really at the moment, but trying to branch out
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">20:50:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> where are you located roughly? have you been to any rides/events?
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">20:51:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abbythesmall&gt;</span> south east, and no i haven't, usually i don't see them till its too late!
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">20:53:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> ok well since we dont seem to know what we're doing &amp; you're not sure what you want to do why dont we keep inviting you to our meetings and when something pops up you'd like to do then shout
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">20:53:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> you're not into making websites by any chance?
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">20:54:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abbythesmall&gt;</span> that sounds good to me, from scratch unfortunately no!
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">20:54:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> Damn! Looks like I'm going to be dragged into doing the website again
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">20:55:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abbythesmall:</span> well maybe we can use your help for filling out the content and other things
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">20:55:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abbythesmall&gt;</span> sure, sounds good
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">20:56:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> shall we move on?
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">20:56:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> So does have any suggestions for things Abby can do?
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">20:56:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> move on
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">20:56:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I did suggest that she could add upcomming events to our calendar and maybe post about them on facebook/twitter
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">20:57:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Hmm we're running out of time so I guess we'll have to discuss this topic more on the mailing list
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">20:58:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">For now abbythesmall will join the UUU meetings and will let us know if anything we need doing sounds interesting to her</span>
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">20:58:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Vote to remove slect discipline reps (muni, trials, street, road, flatland, freestyle) if they aren't effective</span>
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">20:59:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> originally me &amp; dan discussed as to whether discipline reps where effective
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">20:59:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We have a problem. We have quite a few discipline reps (we even have two road reps) but a few don't really contribute much and delay setting up meetings because they never reply to the doodle polls</span>
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">20:59:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> to be honest considering I'm the only discipline rep here...
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">21:00:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> well joe is super rep &amp; banker :)
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">21:00:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Technically joe_treasurer is our muni guy
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">21:00:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> OK lets be honest the only active uuu comitte members are here tonight
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">21:01:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> but that doesent mean we should alienate them by kicking the rest out, we might need there help at buc
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">21:01:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> so whilst that annoys me a little, i'm not sure this is really an issue
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">21:01:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> if they dont respond to polls and attend meetings tey dont have a say in what goes on.
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">21:01:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> hopefully they can be relied on for BUC help, they're all quite keen riders so I think theyd' help (jas included)
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">21:02:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kris:</span> course, but we have no one begging to take their places so
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">21:02:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> exactly, leave them there untill atleast the next buc comittee meeting
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">21:02:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> i havent done anything as muni rep
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">21:03:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> what I was more getting at when talking with dan was more if discipline reps where needed
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">21:03:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_treasurer:</span> Yes, but you haven't needed to. No one has contacted you (AFAIK) about muni related things and there wasn't a muni event at the last BUC. But you've done plenty of work as our treasurer.
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">21:03:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> or whether we should reshape the role into UUU comittee members generally
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">21:04:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> or whether this is just a general waste of time :)
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">21:04:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> i dont tink its an issue at the moment
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">21:04:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> fair enough
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">21:04:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> The UUU as a whole waste of time, or the discipline reps as a whole?
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">21:04:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> leave it as it is, no good will come from changing it at this time
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">21:05:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> splitting disciplines into roles
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">21:06:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> I suppose an alternative would just to have members of the committee that just do anything that is needed.
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">21:06:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kris:</span> We should probably at least do something about the road rep stuff.
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">21:06:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> that's exactly what i meant
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">21:06:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kris:</span> We have two, but only one seems to reply to e-mails.
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">21:07:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> true im happy to go with just the one if we think thats a good plan?
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">21:07:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> well shall we just demote the other one?
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">21:07:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> joe! obviously korean internet is not as good as its reputation
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">21:07:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> oh no, we've lost Joe.
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">21:08:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> think it crashed
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">21:08:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> I think the restructure of the UUU discipline rep roles to just committee members makes sense
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">21:09:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> although as kris said. I'm not sure how useful doing this right now will be.
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">21:09:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> so lets leave it for AGM whenever that happens
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">21:09:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_treasurer:</span> impossible. it was a mirage :)
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">21:09:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> shall we all agree to go with one road rep though?
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">21:09:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> why even have reps?
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">21:11:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> Yeah. Shall I send a polite e-mail to Andrew Lenden and offer him just being a committee member instead?
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">21:11:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> sounds fair
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">21:11:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> i think demoting or kicking out reps could just alienate peple right now. pluss arfoll &amp; joe_treasurer  are the only two that ever have any input at the moment anyway so why waste time changing it no good will come of it &amp; no bad comes from leaving it as it is for now.
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">21:12:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_treasurer:</span> I think the original idea is they would represent the interests of the different disciplines, but really that only happended whilst we were organising BUC
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">21:12:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> james isnt exactly mr motivator
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">21:13:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> move on?
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">21:14:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Hmm well we can't reach a consensus right now. We could vote for it, but I'm not sure anyone outside the UUU really cares
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">21:15:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> just keep it for now
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">21:15:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i think keeping it demotivates current members but also means we cant take on new ones like abby
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">21:16:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> unless all new members are just comittee members and we slowly phase out discipline reps
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">21:16:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abbythesmall&gt;</span> i was going to suggest new member just becoming  memebers
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">21:16:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> well abby isnt going to be a discipline rep so whats the problem?
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">21:16:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> yeah, they dont need a specfic role
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">21:17:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> well i am happy either way, i guess they arent active and hevent been since the start and werent much help at the last buc so if every one else would like im happy to re name the disiplin reps ans comitee members
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">21:17:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> keeping it doesnt demotivate anyone IMO
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">21:18:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> personally it demotivates me when half the comittee doesnt turn up but maybe i'm alone in that
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">21:18:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> agree with yopu on that
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">21:19:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> yes thats true but keeping them, loosing them, or renaming their roles doesnt effect me
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">21:19:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> You are not alone. Every person who does't bother to fill in/turn up to a meeting I organise is annoying
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">21:19:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> yes its annoying
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">21:19:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> ok lets wrap this up i have work @ sillyoclock
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">21:20:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> i'd rather the commitee be a small group of active people who want to do things rather than a bunch of people feeeling forced because of a role they signed up for as they where keen
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">21:20:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> past my bed time
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">21:20:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> im going to have to soon can we move on
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">21:20:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_treasurer:</span> This is the last topic. After this, the meeting is over
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">21:20:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> exactly arfoll
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">21:20:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> you make a good point
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">21:20:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> ok well lets leave it for the mailing list
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">21:21:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> I agree. I think we should just make all the discipline reps "committee" members right now and be done with it.
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">21:21:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> No one here is going to be offended by that and the people here and those who are active.
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">21:21:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> ok well lets vote for it and go to bed?
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">21:21:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">arfoll:</span> yeah I need sleep
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">21:22:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> i do like the idea that they wont recive emails (if they ever did) and not respond to them
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">21:22:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startvote </span><span class="cmdline">Should all discipline reps be made just "committee" members? yes no</span>
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">21:22:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Begin voting on: Should all discipline reps be made just "committee" members? Valid vote options are yes, no.
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">21:22:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Vote using '#vote OPTION'. Only your last vote counts.
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">21:22:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#vote </span><span class="cmdline">yes</span>
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">21:22:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#vote </span><span class="cmdline">yes</span>
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">21:22:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#vote </span><span class="cmdline">yes</span>
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">21:22:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#vote </span><span class="cmdline">yes</span>
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">21:22:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abbythesmall&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#vote </span><span class="cmdline">yes</span>
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">21:22:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endvote</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">21:22:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> Voted on "Should all discipline reps be made just "committee" members?" Results are
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">21:22:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izqit&gt;</span> yes (5): abbythesmall, kris, joe_treasurer, arfoll, delcypher
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">21:22:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> okay that's settled
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">21:23:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abbythesmall&gt;</span> didn't know if i was allowed!
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">21:23:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">discipline rep roles will be made into "committee members"</span>
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">21:23:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abbythesmall:</span> i think you just got ratified as a committee member
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">21:24:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> make abbythesmall a committee member
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">21:24:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abbythesmall:</span> Technically no, but the vote was unanimous anyway so it doesn't matter
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">21:24:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abbythesmall&gt;</span> ahhh
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">21:24:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abbythesmall&gt;</span> i thought not &gt;.&lt;
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">21:24:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kris:</span> Right now?
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">21:24:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> personally i think theres no rush or need
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">21:25:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> we've already rushed people to join and it wasnt exactly a success
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">21:25:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> yeh it was a technicality for the vote
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">21:25:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abbythesmall&gt;</span> no rush!
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">21:25:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> thats why i sugested it
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">21:25:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> when people start to contribute &amp; have joined a few meetings lets invite them to join
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">21:25:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abbythesmall:</span> Don't worry I'll still email you about meetings. Hopefully we'll start having them more frequently now
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">21:26:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abbythesmall:</span> really apprciate you coming along and having your input. hope to see you again soon.
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">21:26:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> Anyway I think I'm not the only one who needs sleep, so shall we end the meeting here?
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">21:26:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abbythesmall&gt;</span> thats alright, it was good to be here!
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">21:26:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abbythesmall:</span> yes thanks alot for joining, it's good to have fresh optimisim and faces
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">21:26:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abbythesmall:</span> You should come along to a unicycle ride sometime
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">21:27:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> we should organise a ride :)
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">21:27:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abbythesmall&gt;</span> i'd love to let me know and i'll try to be there, should be moving to the south west soon.
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">21:27:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abbythesmall:</span> btw I'm in reading so might not be that far, and dan is in london
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">21:27:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kris&gt;</span> <span class="hi">delcypher:</span> agreed end
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">21:27:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> cool. thanks guys. appologies i didnt reply to the doodlepoll. ill try to sort out picking up email while im abroad
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">21:27:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;arfoll&gt;</span> cya joe
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">21:27:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abbythesmall&gt;</span> oh thats god to know!
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">21:27:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;joe_treasurer&gt;</span> bye folks!
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">21:27:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abbythesmall&gt;</span> good ..
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">21:27:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_treasurer:</span> You have an android phone right? You can just add your account as another google account
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">21:28:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="hi">joe_treasurer:</span> You'll get e-mails pushed to your phone that way
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">21:28:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;delcypher&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
