21:12:02 <delcypher> #startmeeting BUC2013
21:12:02 <izqit> Meeting started Fri Mar 22 21:12:02 2013 UTC.  The chair is delcypher. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
21:12:02 <izqit> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #info #idea #link #topic #startvote.
21:12:02 <izqit> The meeting name has been set to 'buc2013'
21:12:15 <delcypher> #topic committee member registration
21:12:31 <arfoll> do we need to register?
21:12:38 <arfoll> i saw simon did,but i didnt
21:12:45 <arfoll> and neither did anyone else i think
21:12:48 <delcypher> arfoll: You still need to fill in the online form. I know it's a pain but its nicer to have all the numbers in one place
21:12:59 <delcypher> I've filled it in as has Jason, Kris and Simon
21:12:59 <arfoll> ok np
21:13:17 <arfoll> willdo
21:13:19 <Chairperson> Jam_: are you coming?
21:13:45 <Chairperson> theres a few people keen for a road ride already
21:14:01 <Jam_> I'm still not sure if I can make it yet, but I'll let you know asap.
21:14:19 <delcypher> Oh we've lost Simon...
21:14:39 <delcypher> on well let'd move on
21:14:52 <Chairperson> ok if you do come make sure you pay dan and not no fit state, hope you can make it we need all the help we can get!
21:15:00 <delcypher> #topic Paying for the sports hall so far we only have four committee members registered (thats £200 and we need £400)
21:15:41 <Chairperson> any comitte members that are yet to pay must pay dan!
21:15:59 <delcypher> #info currently have £200 from committee members for sports hall payment. We need double that!
21:16:09 <Chairperson> if theres still a short fall we will have to as nfs for the money!
21:16:33 <Chairperson> but i want to avoid that at all costs
21:16:44 <delcypher> Chairperson: What's the deadline for paying for the hall?
21:16:57 <Chairperson> one week before buc
21:17:33 <delcypher> Ok. We may need to get some of the tickets sale money from NoFitState because we are not going to enough money from other committee members
21:17:40 <SimonFlatland> Sorry something went really weird, back nowW
21:18:03 <delcypher> SimonFlatland: By the way you were supposed me not NoFitState for registration (£50 not £30) so we could have some money for the sports hall.
21:18:27 <delcypher> SimonFlatland: Sorry that should say "you were supposed to pay me not NoFitState..."
21:18:51 <delcypher> SimonFlatland: I don't think there's much we can do about it now though.
21:19:06 <Chairperson> delcypher: sam goodburn is now coming has he paid?
21:19:24 <delcypher> No he hasn't
21:20:06 <Chairperson> ok so that should be annother 50 just have to remind him to pay you
21:21:23 <delcypher> I think last time we agreed we'd try to pay the shortfall from our own pockets so I guess we'll have to do that.
21:21:42 <SimonFlatland> How much is the shortfall?
21:21:55 <arfoll> well 150 if we get sam's
21:22:10 <SimonFlatland> I thought NoFitState said they were prepared to make a loss for this or something?
21:22:16 <Chairperson> ye no probs, then if we make any money on buc the uuu can pay us back
21:22:36 <delcypher> Currently £200 shortfall. If Sam GoodBurn and James Sandercock pay them that's be down to £100
21:22:52 <Chairperson> sports hall for hockey is the only cost we have at the moment
21:22:54 <arfoll> SimonFlatland: at the moment we are asking quite alot from them... making them front even more money seems rude
21:23:17 <SimonFlatland> True
21:23:41 <delcypher> Shall we just agree to do the following. Pay for the shortfall which will be between £100-£200 depending on whether or not James and/or Sam come?
21:24:14 <arfoll> guess its the only real choice
21:24:18 <delcypher> We agreed last time that Joe,Brendan, Sam and me were happy to split the short fall.
21:24:52 <delcypher> Chairperson: You happy with that?
21:24:54 <Chairperson> agreed, we will reevaluate closer to the time at the next meeting depending on how short we are
21:25:02 <arfoll> ^ +me
21:25:10 <Chairperson> i dont mind putting in extra
21:25:45 <Jason_> Ahoy
21:25:51 <delcypher> #action Chairperson arfoll delcypher SamGoodBurn agree to pay the shortfall which will be between £100 and £200
21:25:51 <arfoll> hi Jason_
21:26:00 <delcypher> #topic BUC registration so far
21:26:04 <Jason_> Apologies for being delayed, I couldn't get it working on my phone so I found a laptop, dedicated
21:26:14 <Chairperson> the clocks dont go back untill next week!
21:26:26 <delcypher> #info Currently we have 45 registrations
21:26:47 <delcypher> Chairperson: What did NoFitState say there threshold was for acceptable numbers?
21:27:01 <Chairperson> Sweet! im quite pleased with that!
21:27:41 <Chairperson> there isant one but i get the feeling there holding out on us with a few things to check we get the initial numbers!
21:27:43 <SimonFlatland> 45 from early bird reg seems pretty good!
21:27:56 <delcypher> There are others I know that to intend to come though so hopefully we should have a few more.
21:28:14 <Chairperson> i  have tried to speak with clare this week but shes ill
21:28:29 <delcypher> Chairperson: There's a really poor showing from hockey players though. Only 13 so far!
21:28:32 <arfoll> ok well thats not too bad, lets keep trying to get more
21:29:28 <Chairperson> I know its not good! there not that keen for it seems as they already meet once a month to play hockey 35pound seems like alot to them
21:29:28 <delcypher> Jason_: Could Voodoo unicycles continue to promote BUC? You guys have done a good job so far!
21:29:41 <Chairperson> ill push it again next tournament
21:29:46 <Jason_> No problem, I'll step it up
21:30:16 <Jason_> We were hoping by running King of the Road during BUC that it would attract more attention
21:30:27 <delcypher> Chairperson: That's disappointing but yeah if you push the hockey players that would be great.
21:30:27 <Chairperson> Edmund has registerd Lol
21:30:49 <Chairperson> Jason_: deffinatly loving that idea
21:31:20 <delcypher> Jason_: Yeah it's a good idea. Just please don't have any challenges that might break anything that belongs to NoFitState.
21:31:46 <Jason_> Hahaha, currently there are none which require breaking any property
21:31:59 <delcypher> #topic BUC 2013 Non Unicycling events - Games, Activities, Video Competition
21:32:06 <arfoll> well we already have king of the road
21:32:19 <delcypher> Cool so let's talk activities.
21:32:29 <arfoll> i'd like to run some typical slow race, WW race, type of rubbish, they are kinda fun
21:32:32 <arfoll> and good evening banter
21:32:50 <arfoll> we could also do a Wuko style drinkng tricks event?
21:32:52 <delcypher> WW rave?
21:32:58 <arfoll> WheelWalk
21:32:59 <delcypher> sorry WW race?
21:33:13 <delcypher> lol wheelWalk rave... picturing it now
21:33:22 <Jason_> ww rave ftw
21:33:29 <arfoll> yeah that could happen too
21:33:55 <arfoll> anwyays we need to decide on a timetable
21:34:01 <arfoll> and schedule all these types of things in
21:34:11 <delcypher> What I'd like to do is collect our ideas for events and then I can make a draft timetable
21:34:12 <Jason_> that we do
21:34:13 <SimonFlatland> weirdest/awkwardest trick is fun, but i think more silly things like this don't need to be planned,they just kinda happen. My worry is if we plan too many games and stuff people won't have time to socialise/ride freely. Definitely go for it though if you want to organise WW races etc etc.
21:34:37 <delcypher> SimonFlatland: That is a fair point.
21:34:41 <Chairperson> how about a google drive doc to post ideas for events and games?
21:34:45 <arfoll> video comp relies on us having a projector which we dont have. i'm not a big fan but if people want to we need to sort it out
21:34:53 <arfoll> Chairperson: I think we need a timetable
21:35:00 <arfoll> more than another big suggestion list
21:35:07 <Chairperson> nfs have a projector we can use
21:35:24 <delcypher> I'm happy to pull up a draft timetable. We already have the BUC2013 google calendar. I just need to update it
21:35:35 <arfoll> delcypher: i think thats a great plan
21:35:37 <delcypher> I need to know the approximate length of events though.
21:35:59 <delcypher> Chairperson: I'm making a note of our ideas (in the agenda now)
21:36:26 <Chairperson> delcypher: ok, ye calende / time table good plan
21:36:32 <SimonFlatland> To know a time for flatland I need an idea of competitors really, but i would imagine 1-2 hours
21:36:53 <delcypher> I'll allow 2 hours
21:37:01 <arfoll> SimonFlatland: everyone is kinda in the same boat ;-)
21:37:07 <delcypher> Jason_: How long do you think we should allow for street?
21:37:14 <SimonFlatland> Very true
21:37:49 <Jason_> Well, typically each round is 10 mins, so that's 30 mins of total riding. With messing around with organisation etc. I think an hour would be enough
21:38:14 <delcypher> I'm going for 1hr30mins to be on the safe side
21:38:31 <Jason_> Good call
21:39:01 <delcypher> arfoll: How long do you think we need to trials (beginners and advanced)? I'd like 2hrs for advanced, because I'm the sort of person who we keep trying a line until I physically can't do it anymore
21:39:41 <Jason_> I think 2 hours is a good time, pretty standard I think
21:40:04 <arfoll> well i think 2hrs is unfortunately required by *some* people ;-)
21:40:10 <arfoll> but we also need a good 1hr plus for begginers
21:40:12 <delcypher> Jason_: There are two trials competitions though. Beginners and then advanced.
21:40:14 <arfoll> with changing, i think 4hrs
21:40:19 <delcypher> arfoll: So 4hrs
21:40:36 <delcypher> okay
21:40:52 <SimonFlatland> Will beginner lines be included in advanced too? If they were seperate then tbey could run in parallel
21:41:04 <SimonFlatland> But that being said resources are usually shared between the two
21:41:12 <arfoll> i would like to judge, so one way is to force competitors to judge ;-)
21:41:29 <arfoll> also like you said ressources are often shared.
21:41:35 <delcypher> SimonFlatland: I think the plan would be share lines.
21:41:49 <delcypher> So freestyle? How long do you reckon that needs?
21:42:02 <Jason_> Where's Gidburn?
21:42:08 <arfoll> it depends how many lines we can make, i dont see the point in all begginer lines being used, but its nice to get a good number of lines just for stamina!
21:42:36 <delcypher> Seeing as Freestyle is being made part of the show I'd like to stick freestyle on during the evening so we can be really flexible about how long it takes
21:42:44 <Chairperson> delcypher: depends on how many contestants 1-2hrs i guess
21:42:49 <arfoll> delcypher: sounds decent
21:43:03 <Chairperson> delcypher: ye sounds good
21:43:16 <delcypher> So during the day we can pretty rigid about timings for flatland, street and trials and then the evening we can just see how it goes
21:43:31 <Jason_> I like being flexible in the evening
21:43:47 <delcypher> Jason_: I'm sure you do :p
21:44:06 <Jason_> I didn't mean it like that, such a dirty mind
21:44:09 <arfoll> #info Jason_ likes to be flexible in the evening, but likes it hard in the morning
21:44:24 <delcypher> Right I take it we'd like silly unicycle games too?
21:44:37 <arfoll> yeah gladiators!
21:44:51 <arfoll> but lets jsut schedule evening 'game' time
21:45:13 <Chairperson> delcypher: ye ^^ evening game time sounds gd
21:45:14 <Jason_> Evening "game" time, mmmmmm
21:45:22 <SimonFlatland> Agreed
21:45:36 <delcypher> Saturday evening or friday evening?
21:45:39 <delcypher> or both...?
21:45:50 <arfoll> fir workshops, lets try run at least one for every discipline, schedule them mostly in parralel and see what happens :)
21:45:56 <Chairperson> saturday mainly
21:46:00 <Jam_> Both!
21:46:16 <arfoll> delcypher: both, but UNICYCLE OLYMPIC GAMES on saturday
21:46:38 <delcypher> arfoll: My plan was to run workshops in parallel with the competitions through out the day
21:47:09 <delcypher> I was going to have loads unassigned slots and then try to find a person to do a workshop in each slot
21:47:11 <Chairperson> hockey work shop on sunday for beginners
21:47:19 <delcypher> What do you think a good length for a workshop is?
21:47:26 <Chairperson> 1hr
21:47:30 <arfoll> half hour for trials
21:47:40 <Jason_> Agree with 1 hour
21:48:00 <arfoll> i dont really like trials workshops anywyas
21:48:02 <arfoll> but w/e
21:48:04 <SimonFlatland> Agreed also
21:48:08 <Chairperson> if you do a hour thats 15mins demonstration and 45min practice but you can just go wigth the flow on the day
21:48:24 <delcypher> arfoll: I'd rather make the slots 1hr long. You can run a workshop for less time if you want. The workshop needs to be shorter than 1hr anyway for turnaround time
21:48:59 <delcypher> okay any other ideas for events?
21:49:17 <delcypher> Voodoo hot tub?
21:49:34 <arfoll> surely that wont be scheduled?
21:49:39 <arfoll> anyways i'd like to finish on time...
21:49:39 <Jason_> We were going to have a party on the Saturday night but I'm not sure we need to schedule that
21:49:40 <arfoll> i'm hungry
21:49:42 <delcypher> arfoll: It never is
21:50:16 <delcypher> Jason_: We have on the website that Voodoo unicycles will do a demo. Would you like that to be in the show?
21:50:27 <Jason_> Yes please
21:50:44 <delcypher> ok
21:51:05 <delcypher> Do we have any other event ideas before we move on?
21:51:55 <Jason_> Sometimes there are non unicycling workshops, any thoughts on that? Do we even want them?
21:52:18 <delcypher> one of the people who registered offered to run a juggling workshop. I'm perfectly happy for them to do that.
21:52:55 <Chairperson> agreed
21:53:05 <delcypher> We're going to have a lot unfilled workshop slots at the moment so we should take on offers.
21:53:14 <arfoll> sure, they're f00ls and will be laughed at but they can do it
21:53:14 <Jason_> Good idea
21:53:31 <delcypher> Especially during saturday because I don't to run a workshop during the competitions.
21:53:33 <Chairperson> run what ever people want to run, then people can decide to turn up or not
21:53:45 <arfoll> PORN WORKSHOP!
21:54:04 <Chairperson> arfoll: video competition
21:54:24 <SimonFlatland> This will be my first BUC where i'm legal to do porn, so please let's!
21:54:27 <arfoll> Chairperson: porn is not about competing, its about making *money*
21:54:47 <delcypher> Brendan Le Foll presents "How to make a porno" in 1hr.
21:54:48 <arfoll> SimonFlatland: i got a few scenes in mind for u
21:55:00 <Chairperson> i make more than money when i do porn!
21:55:14 <Chairperson> any way move on lol
21:55:18 <delcypher> #topic Needed equipment: Soundsystem, materials for street/trials, projecto
21:55:19 <arfoll> Chairperson: sounds like u can help with the workhsop
21:55:38 <delcypher> Chairperson: Did NoFitState say they have a soundsystem?
21:55:43 <arfoll> we need loads of shit for trials, whats the status on junk cars/bus etc...
21:56:07 <Chairperson> delcypher: ye but i will confirm
21:56:47 <delcypher> Jason_: What sort of stuff will you want for your street course? Can you make everything you need from palletes?
21:56:55 <Chairperson> arfoll: there is no update on this yet. i was worried that they could hold things like that back if we dont get enough numbers pre registering
21:57:18 <Jason_> Pretty much. Ideally we'd need something grindable and we couldn't do that with pallettes
21:57:50 <delcypher> Jason_: How about pallettes covered with lube (from Brendan's workshop) ;)
21:58:01 <arfoll> Chairperson: uhm ok, thanks
21:58:05 <Jason_> Try everything once
21:58:29 <delcypher> Jason_: In all seriousness. Would some sort of grinding rail be okay?
21:58:43 <delcypher> or do you need a grind box?
21:59:14 <SimonFlatland> Stair sets and manny pads can be made from pallets, ideally with ply wood to put on the top so it rolls well. Grind rail for the set would be ideal but i guess something to grind is better than nothing
21:59:16 <Jason_> Both would be ideal, grind box if only one is available. It's something that could be built quite easily if we had supplies
22:00:31 <delcypher> Jason_: Well I think you, me and Brendan need to work together with NoFitState so we can source everything we need for the trials and street course.
22:00:43 <Jason_> Agreed
22:00:50 <arfoll> #agreed
22:00:55 <Chairperson> agreed
22:01:21 <delcypher> #action delcypher arfoll Jason_ will work together with NoFitState to source the materials needed to build the street and trials course.
22:01:47 <delcypher> #action Chairperson will contact NoFitState about soundsystem.
22:01:56 <delcypher> sorry I'm doing a really bad job of taking minutes today.
22:02:14 <arfoll> dw for once we're not completely off the agenda so I think ur doing well
22:02:38 <delcypher> #topic Getting volunteers
22:02:55 <arfoll> whats the status from teh prereg?
22:03:07 <arfoll> how many 'volunteered'?
22:03:57 <delcypher> We have 13 so far (that number includes us)
22:03:57 <Chairperson> 13 at a glance
22:04:18 <delcypher> #info currently 13 volunteers (that includes committee members)
22:04:26 <Chairperson> so 9 without the comitee, not bad
22:04:44 <Chairperson> pluss im sure there will be one or two from NFS
22:05:13 <arfoll> uhm not too bad,i dont think we'll have a big issue, my biggest problem is judging in trials comp, but oh well
22:05:18 <delcypher> Trials competition is going to be the hardest to do. In the past there has been one person marking people on several lines. If we can't get enough volunteers then we may have to rethink our strategy
22:05:19 <Jason_> I'm almost certain we'll be able to rope people in on the day to do manual labour
22:05:24 <arfoll> if we have to make it self judged but 'monitored' it will have to be that way
22:06:15 <delcypher> Other than trials what other things can the volunteers help with?
22:06:44 <Chairperson> sign in
22:07:11 <Jason_> This is why we could do with someone on the team who's organised before. I can't think of anything but I'm sure there are a hundred and one things
22:07:17 <SimonFlatland> I need preferably 5 judges for flatland, but i guess 3 would do. I think people who didn't say they would volunteer might judge though, kinda seems like a different thing
22:07:21 <delcypher> True, but that's only really on Friday evening when people start arriving.
22:08:51 <delcypher> oh I just thought of an event... Level testing?? Do we want to do that?
22:08:58 <arfoll> we have no testers
22:09:13 <arfoll> lets use workshop time if we get those
22:09:35 <Chairperson> i think iuf rules state any one can assess up to level 3
22:10:02 <arfoll> ok, well lets still just run it as workshops
22:10:15 <Chairperson> it would be nice to give beginners a certificate if they want but cant imagine any one else would want one
22:11:33 <delcypher> Ok well I just slapped together a spreadsheet for a list of things to do. It's in the BUC2013 folder in google drive or you can get it at https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AmRZnOajrg2DdEZyRmw2SW9YZ0JJNWREQzUwV2w0N1E#gid=0
22:11:42 <delcypher> Please add something when you think of it
22:11:48 <Chairperson> delcypher: good work!
22:13:24 <delcypher> Chairperson: Could you ask about a projector as well. If we're going to show videos we'll need a laptop too and a way to hook it into the sound system.
22:13:38 <Chairperson> ok
22:13:51 <delcypher> I'm not using my netbook because that thing sucks at 720p playback
22:14:02 <arfoll> if we can get a projector with HDMI i have a cool idea
22:14:19 <delcypher> arfoll: which is...?
22:14:27 <Chairperson> arfoll: is it porn? its always porn
22:14:39 <arfoll> Jizz'us
22:14:56 <Chairperson> ?
22:15:03 <delcypher> arfoll: ?
22:15:06 <arfoll> well anyways if u can i'll explain
22:15:11 <arfoll> its cool and doesnt involve porn
22:15:27 <Chairperson> ok miove on
22:15:32 <arfoll> yup
22:15:44 <delcypher> #action Chairperson will ask NoFitState about a projector (preferably with HDMI input)
22:15:49 <delcypher> #topic People charging their phones at BUC?
22:16:02 <arfoll> no, people dont need their phones ENDOF
22:16:24 <Chairperson> personaly i couldnt care less about other peoples phones
22:16:28 <delcypher> I know this is a minor issue but smartphones are a lot more mainstream now so how do people sort out their charging. At the very least I will need to charge my phone.
22:16:41 <arfoll> uhm and u'll have ot sort it out ;-)
22:16:59 <Chairperson> bring a car charger and u can use my car
22:17:14 <Jason_> Aye, I'd like to charge my phone but happy to work that out when I get there
22:17:15 <delcypher> Chairperson: Okay.
22:18:26 <delcypher> What do we do about people who bring their chargers and stuff. Will NoFitState be happy with people just plugging stuff into their sockets?
22:18:46 <arfoll> why are we bothering with this? lets just not monitor this petty stuff lol
22:18:55 <arfoll> if NFS get pissed at it then they'll let us know ehehe
22:18:55 <delcypher> Fair enough
22:18:56 <SimonFlatland> #Agreed
22:19:10 <delcypher> #action Let's not worry about this for now.
22:19:14 <Chairperson> agreed
22:19:26 <delcypher> #topic Non riders/competitors registering and attending BUC2013
22:19:34 <delcypher> SimonFlatland: You brought this up with me a few days ago
22:20:15 <delcypher> You wanted to know about cheaper tickets for people who don't compete. I'm fairly confident that is a no but I wanted to put this question in front of the committee first.
22:20:31 <Chairperson> No!
22:20:46 <Chairperson> Ticket cost has been decided
22:20:48 <arfoll> at 35 quid i dont really see the point nor can we really afford it
22:20:55 <Chairperson> its now £45
22:21:02 <SimonFlatland> Yeah I was confused. My girlfriend is interested in coming, would want to stay in the hall and be around all the time, but won't be bringing a unicycle. Does this mean she registers as rider or not? The only options are Rider or Guardian, which i asociated with non rider but I don't know if that is the case
22:21:04 <arfoll> oh ja
22:21:22 <SimonFlatland> Just wanted to clear it up I don't have a problem with the price
22:21:27 <arfoll> SimonFlatland: we're paying for the hall TBH and facilities...
22:21:27 <Chairperson> £10 for a guardian
22:21:40 <arfoll> the fact ur riding or not actually costs us nothing ehehe
22:21:45 <Jason_> Ha ha, Simon's guardian is his bird!
22:21:57 <SimonFlatland> I'M A MAN NOW JASE ;)
22:22:03 <Jason_> lol
22:22:06 <Chairperson> yes every one has to pay the full price unless they are rhere on guardian duties
22:22:10 <Jason_> You've always been a man to me
22:22:33 <SimonFlatland> Okay, thanks for clearing it up!
22:22:52 <delcypher> SimonFlatland: Yeah I don't think your girlfriend really counts as a guardian. That deal really is so that people under 16 can attend more easily.
22:23:20 <delcypher> #action None taken. Ticket prices remain fixed
22:23:20 <SimonFlatland> Yeah I didn't want her to count as a guardian ahah, i just wondered it there was a divide between rider and non rider
22:23:47 <delcypher> #topic UUU Website
22:23:52 <delcypher> gkmac: You still here?
22:24:24 <Chairperson> SimonFlatland: the idea is that she will become a rider by the end of three days with all the work shops she can partake in!
22:24:26 * gkmac finally wakes up
22:24:54 <Chairperson> sorry guys im gonna have to wrap it up soon
22:25:05 <gkmac> Well I'm getting really close with Dokuwiki, it might all be ready in about 3 weeks I guess.
22:25:32 <delcypher> #info Progress has been made integrating DokuWiki with the website content. could be ready within 3 weeks.
22:25:32 <gkmac> Dan wanted an events page which holds the Google Calendar, here it is...
22:25:34 <gkmac> http://www.unicycle.org.uk/dkalpha/events
22:25:57 <SimonFlatland> Kris, she's already a rider ;)
22:26:18 <delcypher> gkmac: Nice. But there's no link to it from the menu.
22:26:22 <gkmac> The events calendars and results pages are courtesy of the "iframe" plugin.
22:26:42 <gkmac> I know there's no link as yet; as present editing the menu means diving into the template files.
22:26:54 <gkmac> I literally cooked up that events page five minutes ago...
22:27:23 <gkmac> The "iframe" plugin should also mean that a twitter feed can be embedded anywhere.
22:27:30 <Chairperson> ok sorry guys im out
22:27:35 <arfoll> SimonFlatland: everyone
22:27:40 <arfoll> can ride that ;-)
22:27:44 <Chairperson> sweet dreams
22:27:46 <Chairperson> xxx
22:27:47 <arfoll> anywyas i need to go as well. Cyao
22:28:09 <delcypher> gkmac: Okay sounds good. We don't necessarily need the ability to edit the menu structure though.
22:28:22 <delcypher> gkmac: I'm not sure if we'll be changing it that much.
22:28:33 <gkmac> I've also fixed the issue where the social icons move about on a small window.
22:28:45 <delcypher> gkmac: Yeah I noticed. Thanks.
22:29:04 <gkmac> Also, if you wish, you can start editing the wiki pages yourselves.
22:29:18 <gkmac> I'll make sure that future updates and tweaks won't wipe out the page storage.
22:29:22 <delcypher> gkmac: So if we start writing content, it's not going to get wiped?
22:29:34 <gkmac> Correct. I'll make sure it won't get wiped.
22:29:44 * gkmac visualises delcypher's big smile.
22:29:50 <delcypher> :)
22:30:16 <gkmac> A useful link to have when editing...
22:30:17 <delcypher> I guess that means people can now but the content they wrote into the wiki. It would probably be a good test run for it.
22:30:17 <gkmac> https://www.dokuwiki.org/wiki:syntax
22:31:06 <delcypher> Would the discipline reps ( arfoll Jason_ SimonFlatland Jason_ ) be happy to give that a go?
22:31:35 <gkmac> arfoll has left the chatroom it seems...
22:32:44 <gkmac> delcypher: another link for you is https://www.dokuwiki.org/plugin:iframe which explains how the iframe thing works.
22:32:48 <delcypher> gkmac: Could you create pages for UUU > ( Contact | Resources | Membership ) so I have something to edit?
22:32:55 <delcypher> gkmac: Ok thanks.
22:33:49 <gkmac> Yes, I'll get onto that this weekend.
22:34:05 <gkmac> Although you can create pages for yourself (even though they won't be linked to from the menu until I turn the spanner).
22:34:24 <delcypher> #actopm gkmac will add wiki pages for UUU > ( Contact | Resources | Membership )
22:35:02 <delcypher> #action gkmac will add wiki pages for UUU > ( Contact | Resources | Membership )
22:35:14 <delcypher> gkmac: Is the forum integration looking okay?
22:35:18 * gkmac looks forward to blowing the cobwebs off the old UUU site.
22:35:48 <gkmac> Seems to be fine. As long as you see (logout delcypher) on the wiki pages, it's working fine.
22:36:40 <gkmac> Actually "Logged in as: delcypher (delcypher)", but you get the idea.
22:37:50 <delcypher> gkmac: Really? When I click on forum from http://www.unicycle.org.uk/dkalpha I'm dropped into the old forum look.
22:38:15 <gkmac> Oh that.
22:38:24 * gkmac misunderstands delcypher once again.
22:38:26 <delcypher> gkmac: Yes sorry I wasn't very clear.
22:38:57 <gkmac> Well I have ported your menu banner code over to a phpBB theme as well, but that isn't anywhere public yet.
22:39:12 <delcypher> Ok.
22:40:02 <delcypher> arfoll: are you alive?
22:40:07 <delcypher> Jason_: You still there?
22:40:11 <Jason_> Yep
22:40:12 <delcypher> SimonFlatland: You still there?
22:40:17 <Jason_> This is just over my head
22:40:22 <Jason_> I zoned out
22:40:32 <delcypher> Are you happy to try editing the Street page with the content you wrote?
22:40:47 <Jason_> Yeah sure
22:40:53 <Jason_> How do I go about that?
22:40:54 <delcypher> If you goto http://www.unicycle.org.uk/dkalpha/street you can edit it (if you're logged into the forum first)
22:41:06 <Jason_> Cheers, will do
22:41:30 <delcypher> It's a wiki so it does have a particular syntax but this is explained at https://www.dokuwiki.org/wiki:syntax
22:41:45 <delcypher> #action Jason_ Will try editing the About street section on the wiki
22:42:03 <SimonFlatland> Yeah i'm here sorry! I can try but as of yet there is no flatland page?
22:42:03 <delcypher> #action arfoll will try editing the trials section on the wiki
22:42:39 <delcypher> SimonFlatland: You're right. GK what happening to flatland? I'm sure I put it in the mock-up?
22:43:15 <gkmac> Well the wiki was created by porting the existing website content, which didn't have a Flatland section.
22:43:52 <delcypher> gkmac: Could you add it back in? ( should be in the top level )
22:44:02 <delcypher> SimonFlatland: I've created a page for you to edit when you have time http://www.unicycle.org.uk/dkalpha/flatland
22:44:26 <gkmac> Wow, Dan is getting the hang of this already!
22:44:31 <Jason_> Any suggestions for how it should be edited?
22:44:41 <gkmac> I'll add a "Flatland" entry to the menubar over the weekend.
22:44:44 <delcypher> #action SimonFlatland will try editing the flatland page
22:45:45 <delcypher> Jason_: by suggestions do you mean what the structure should be? Or do you mean how do I start editing the page?
22:46:10 <Jason_> I just mean, what should be changed with what's already there.
22:47:38 <delcypher> Jason_: Well you can scrap what is already there if you want. You wrote some good text a little while ago. It's your sport so you should decide what someone reads when they want to know what "street" is on the website.
22:48:10 <Jason_> My only suggestion would be to make it more centred around the UK scene. If you're a UK rider looking for the definition of street, I think it would be better to see UK videos
22:48:27 <delcypher> well you can include links to the videos I guess.
22:48:41 <delcypher> gkmac: Do you find a nice way to embed videos in the website. I've never tried.
22:49:00 <gkmac> Oh yes, I did. Forgot to mention this.
22:49:32 <gkmac> In the editing box there's a "clapperboard" icon on the right; click that and paste in a youtube URL. This will insert code which will embed a video in the page itself.
22:49:45 <gkmac> https://www.dokuwiki.org/plugin:vshare
22:50:09 <gkmac> Also works with Vimeo, and a few others.
22:50:16 <delcypher> okay sounds good
22:51:17 <delcypher> Just tried is out... looks good.
22:51:17 <SimonFlatland> understood
22:51:19 <delcypher> http://www.unicycle.org.uk/dkalpha/flatland
22:51:48 <delcypher> Not sure if that's a good flatland video but it seems to play fine.
22:53:51 <delcypher> Anyway we should probably call it a night.
22:54:10 <delcypher> gkmac: thanks for your hard work
22:54:24 <delcypher> Jam_: You still there?
22:54:27 <gkmac> No worres, it's just finding time between work and commuting to do things...
22:54:47 <delcypher> #endmeeting