<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>##uuu Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>##uuu Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by delcypher at 18:15:25 UTC
(<a href="uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Note Committee members present</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-5'>delcypher</a>, 18:15:36)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">delcypher is Dan Liew - Secretary</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-6'>delcypher</a>,
    18:15:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">gkmac is Gavin - Webmaster</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-8'>gkmac</a>, 18:16:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">arfoll is Brendan Le Foll - Trials rep</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-9'>arfoll</a>,
    18:16:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Sam___ is Sam Goodburn - Freestyle rep</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-10'>Sam____</a>,
    18:16:31)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">iuf is Alan Hogan - IUF Rep</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-12'>delcypher</a>,
    18:17:09)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Progress report for temporary UUU website content</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-13'>delcypher</a>, 18:17:27)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Sam____
    JoeBaxter iuf will write about the Freestyle,Muni and road
    disciplines.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-36'>delcypher</a>,
    18:24:10)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">delcypher
    will contact JasonAuld SimonBerry as they were not present about
    website content.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-37'>delcypher</a>,
    18:24:46)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Progress report on IUF role</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-39'>delcypher</a>, 18:25:06)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">iuf has heard back from the Internation
    Unicycling Federation (IUF). He will be listed as the official rep
    from January.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-40'>delcypher</a>,
    18:25:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">IUF have not informed iuf rep (Alan Hogan)
    about the role but he will hopefully find out more when he meets
    Olaf in April.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-45'>delcypher</a>,
    18:27:00)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Progress report on website improvements.</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-49'>delcypher</a>, 18:27:47)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">delcypher has made a simple mock-up that could
    be used in the future.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-50'>delcypher</a>,
    18:28:11)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The mock up (for those who haven't seen it) is
    here --&gt;
    http://www.doc.ic.ac.uk/~dsl11/modern-ui-content-fixedwidth/</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-57'>delcypher</a>,
    18:29:53)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">gkmac is
    currently integrating the mock-up into the phpBB styles
    engine.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-64'>delcypher</a>,
    18:31:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Kris Abraham - UUU Chairperson has just
    joined.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-72'>delcypher</a>,
    18:36:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">gkmac thinks approximate 3 weeks for Doku Wiki
    integration.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-77'>delcypher</a>,
    18:37:24)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">UUU Events calendar</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-82'>delcypher</a>, 18:38:37)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">delcypher suggested to the committee a few
    weeks ago about having their own events calendar (powered by Google
    Calendar)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-84'>delcypher</a>,
    18:39:05)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">delcypher
    will merge all event calendars into a single event calendar and
    share this calendar with other committee members.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-117'>delcypher</a>,
    18:49:12)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">delcypher
    will write documentation on how to add events to google
    calendar</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-118'>delcypher</a>,
    18:49:26)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">delcypher
    will provide gkmac with the code for calendar widget and ical
    links.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-125'>delcypher</a>,
    18:51:33)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Gaining control of the UUU Bank account</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-133'>delcypher</a>, 18:54:29)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">JoeBaxter has contacted HSBC and is getting the
    signatories changed which requires each new signator to visit a HSBC
    branch and prove their identity.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-136'>delcypher</a>,
    18:55:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">JoeBaxter chairperson and delcypher are to be
    the signatories.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-137'>delcypher</a>,
    18:56:00)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">JoeBaxter is having trouble contacting the
    correct person at HSBC (not returning calls). JoeBaxter will
    continue to try and make contact.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-148'>delcypher</a>,
    18:59:38)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">chairperson
    will ask if his HSBC branch knows anything.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-152'>delcypher</a>,
    19:02:22)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">registering UUU as a charity</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-158'>delcypher</a>, 19:05:05)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">This will not be sorted out by the time BUC
    comes around because HMRC have 6-8 week turn around time and because
    the bank account needs sorting first.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-160'>delcypher</a>,
    19:05:45)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Progress report on finding lvel testers, a record of achievers and certificate templates</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-167'>delcypher</a>, 19:08:39)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">delcypher
    will attempt to contact JUST, Sarah Miller and Connie Cotter (if
    e-mail address can be located) about unicycle skill levels
    system.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-189'>delcypher</a>,
    19:20:07)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">How are committee members selected.</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-192'>delcypher</a>, 19:21:12)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">chairperson
    will speak to Barry Gates and see if he wishes to continue being
    hockey rep.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-218'>delcypher</a>,
    19:27:28)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Committee
    positions will be publically offered (by Facebook and forum) until
    BUC. At BUC the draft constitution can be voted on and then put into
    effect which establishes the system for voting, etc...</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-226'>delcypher</a>,
    19:28:54)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Until BUC
    (when the constitution can be decided on) new committee positions
    will be publicly offered (via Forum/Facebook/Twitter). Voting will
    take place on IRC (open to all).</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-265'>delcypher</a>,
    19:40:47)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Should we have a Road unicycling representative?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-266'>delcypher</a>, 19:41:10)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">We have reps for most other disciplines, but
    not road unicycling.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-267'>delcypher</a>,
    19:41:41)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">The UUU will
    publically advertise for a road representative position</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-300'>delcypher</a>,
    19:49:06)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Promoting events on facebook/twitter. Should we have each discipline rep responsible for posting about events for their discipline.</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-303'>delcypher</a>, 19:50:45)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">If an event is multi-discipline obviously only
    one rep needs to post about it</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-305'>delcypher</a>,
    19:51:19)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">to be
    resolved later.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-339'>delcypher</a>,
    19:57:09)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">BUC</b> <span class="details">(<a href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-340'>delcypher</a>, 19:57:13)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Awaiting on hockey hall</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-342'>delcypher</a>,
    19:57:31)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Liam McNally has been spending his time (thanks
    Liam!) finding a hall for us. Cardiff and Vale College looks
    promising.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-348'>delcypher</a>,
    19:58:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Ending meeting, there are a few topics left so
    we'll have to deal with them next time</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html#l-364'>delcypher</a>,
    20:02:08)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 20:02:15 UTC
(<a href="uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Sam____ JoeBaxter iuf will write about the Freestyle,Muni and road disciplines.</li>
  <li>delcypher will contact JasonAuld SimonBerry as they were not present about website content.</li>
  <li>gkmac is currently integrating the mock-up into the phpBB styles engine.</li>
  <li>delcypher will merge all event calendars into a single event calendar and share this calendar with other committee members.</li>
  <li>delcypher will write documentation on how to add events to google calendar</li>
  <li>delcypher will provide gkmac with the code for calendar widget and ical links.</li>
  <li>chairperson will ask if his HSBC branch knows anything.</li>
  <li>delcypher will attempt to contact JUST, Sarah Miller and Connie Cotter (if e-mail address can be located) about unicycle skill levels system.</li>
  <li>chairperson will speak to Barry Gates and see if he wishes to continue being hockey rep.</li>
  <li>Committee positions will be publically offered (by Facebook and forum) until BUC. At BUC the draft constitution can be voted on and then put into effect which establishes the system for voting, etc...</li>
  <li>Until BUC (when the constitution can be decided on) new committee positions will be publicly offered (via Forum/Facebook/Twitter). Voting will take place on IRC (open to all).</li>
  <li>The UUU will publically advertise for a road representative position</li>
  <li>to be resolved later.</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> chairperson <ol>
    <li>chairperson will ask if his HSBC branch knows anything.</li>
    <li>chairperson will speak to Barry Gates and see if he wishes to continue being hockey rep.</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> delcypher <ol>
    <li>delcypher will contact JasonAuld SimonBerry as they were not present about website content.</li>
    <li>delcypher will merge all event calendars into a single event calendar and share this calendar with other committee members.</li>
    <li>delcypher will write documentation on how to add events to google calendar</li>
    <li>delcypher will provide gkmac with the code for calendar widget and ical links.</li>
    <li>delcypher will attempt to contact JUST, Sarah Miller and Connie Cotter (if e-mail address can be located) about unicycle skill levels system.</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> gkmac <ol>
    <li>gkmac is currently integrating the mock-up into the phpBB styles engine.</li>
    <li>delcypher will provide gkmac with the code for calendar widget and ical links.</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> iuf <ol>
    <li>Sam____ JoeBaxter iuf will write about the Freestyle,Muni and road disciplines.</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> JoeBaxter <ol>
    <li>Sam____ JoeBaxter iuf will write about the Freestyle,Muni and road disciplines.</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> Sam____ <ol>
    <li>Sam____ JoeBaxter iuf will write about the Freestyle,Muni and road disciplines.</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>Committee positions will be publically offered (by Facebook and forum) until BUC. At BUC the draft constitution can be voted on and then put into effect which establishes the system for voting, etc...</li>
    <li>Until BUC (when the constitution can be decided on) new committee positions will be publicly offered (via Forum/Facebook/Twitter). Voting will take place on IRC (open to all).</li>
    <li>The UUU will publically advertise for a road representative position</li>
    <li>to be resolved later.</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>delcypher (137)</li>
  <li>arfoll (65)</li>
  <li>chairperson (60)</li>
  <li>gkmac (32)</li>
  <li>JoeBaxter (20)</li>
  <li>CJCrates (16)</li>
  <li>Sam____ (13)</li>
  <li>iuf (12)</li>
  <li>canadam_ (7)</li>
  <li>izqit (2)</li>
  <li>Guest98982 (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
