=======================================
##uuu: Seventh IRC UUU meeting. BUC2013
=======================================


Meeting started by delcypher at 18:29:37 UTC.  The full logs are
available at uuu/2013/uuu.2013-05-04-18.29.log.html .



Meeting summary
---------------

* trials/street course design  (delcypher, 18:29:54)
  * ACTION: Discuss later  (delcypher, 18:31:32)

* Hockey relocation  (delcypher, 18:31:41)
  * Just incase people here aren't aware. Hockey for BUC is being
    relocated to the NFS building because we haven't had enough hockey
    people sign-up.  (delcypher, 18:32:20)
  * ACTION: chairperson will contact CAVC and inform them we no longer
    wish to hire the hall.  (delcypher, 18:34:03)
  * There's a draft e-mail in the works that informs convention goers of
    various things.
    https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/1qVX3ZtqH2pT1V3DHSD12oO_90RUGnMBofMr11V59_xk/edit?usp=drive_web
    (delcypher, 18:35:32)

* Trials/Street course. Materials and design.  (delcypher, 18:39:56)
  * arfoll has prepared a list of materials and a rough design for the
    trials course.  (delcypher, 18:40:34)
  * ACTION: arfoll will nag jason to give proper details of required
    street course  (delcypher, 18:47:35)
  * ACTION: delcypher will send the trials list to Clare from NoFitState
    tonight.  (delcypher, 18:50:23)
  * ACTION: SimonBerry and Jason will work out what materials are needed
    for the street course a.s.a.p  (delcypher, 19:00:50)
  * ACTION: Trials course will share some parts of street course.
    (delcypher, 19:06:03)

* Workshop and hockey scheduling.  (delcypher, 19:10:41)
  * Now that hockey is going to be at NFS on saturday we need to work
    out how to schedule this along with the workshops and a "muck
    around" space.  (delcypher, 19:11:14)
  * Hockey will be run from 10-3 in parallel with workshops  (delcypher,
    19:17:31)
  * Downstairs hall will be used for workshops/sillygames/muck-around
    space on Saturday  (delcypher, 19:17:57)

* Video competition  (delcypher, 19:18:42)
  * There is going to be a video competition which we need to announce
    a.s.ap. Is everyone okay with the rules. They can be found in
    https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/document/d/1qVX3ZtqH2pT1V3DHSD12oO_90RUGnMBofMr11V59_xk/edit
    (delcypher, 19:19:20)
  * ACTION: delcypher will send out emails/facebook/twitter info about
    video comp  (delcypher, 19:20:10)

* Day tickets  (delcypher, 19:21:44)
  * We will be selling day tickets (Â£25) for non-competitors to attend
    for one day.  (delcypher, 19:22:12)

* Mock up t-shirt designs for organisers  (delcypher, 19:22:38)
  * A quick mockup for organiser t-shirt design has been made. Thoughts?
    (delcypher, 19:23:07)
  * LINK:
    https://docs.google.com/a/unicycle.org.uk/file/d/0B2RZnOajrg2DTmU3eG9kQ1JGc1U/edit?usp=sharing
    (delcypher, 19:26:53)
  * ACTION: chairperson will look into how much it will cost to produce
    20-30 t-shirts (possibly different colours: one for organisers and
    another of people to buy). Purchasing will be delayed until we know
    more about trials/street course as we may need money for that.
    (delcypher, 19:39:41)

* Printed information (first aid, food, water points, map..etc.)
  leaflets/timetables for attendees.  (delcypher, 19:39:51)
  * ACTION: delcypher will design leaflets to give to attendes with info
    on  (delcypher, 19:41:08)
  * ACTION: chairperson will print them  (delcypher, 19:41:14)

* PA  (delcypher, 19:44:25)
  * ACTION: delcypher will Contact Clare from NFS about revised plan for
    PA.  (delcypher, 19:46:26)

* Judges need for Street, flatland and freestyle  (delcypher, 19:46:46)

* Certificates for competition winners? Trophies yes/no? Award during
  show?  (delcypher, 19:51:00)
  * certificates will be awarded during show  (delcypher, 19:51:49)

* Hockey mini-tournament  (delcypher, 19:54:16)
  * The hockey mini-tournament is not regarded as a competition so
    non-competitiors may take part.  (delcypher, 19:56:33)

* How are we going to go about splitting tasks between ourselves and
  volunteers so we know who should be where and when.  (delcypher,
  19:56:41)
  * ACTION: delcypher will try to fix the schedule, then workout what
    tasks need doing and then workout where each committee member/NFS
    staff will be during the day. Finally we can then contact the people
    who volunteered and see if they'd be interested in doing any of the
    remaining tasks.  (delcypher, 20:01:44)



Meeting ended at 20:01:55 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* arfoll
  * arfoll will nag jason to give proper details of required street
    course
* chairperson
  * chairperson will contact CAVC and inform them we no longer wish to
    hire the hall.
  * chairperson will look into how much it will cost to produce 20-30
    t-shirts (possibly different colours: one for organisers and another
    of people to buy). Purchasing will be delayed until we know more
    about trials/street course as we may need money for that.
  * chairperson will print them
* delcypher
  * delcypher will send the trials list to Clare from NoFitState
    tonight.
  * delcypher will send out emails/facebook/twitter info about video
    comp
  * delcypher will design leaflets to give to attendes with info on
  * delcypher will Contact Clare from NFS about revised plan for PA.
  * delcypher will try to fix the schedule, then workout what tasks need
    doing and then workout where each committee member/NFS staff will be
    during the day. Finally we can then contact the people who
    volunteered and see if they'd be interested in doing any of the
    remaining tasks.
* SimonBerry
  * SimonBerry and Jason will work out what materials are needed for the
    street course a.s.a.p
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * Discuss later
  * Trials course will share some parts of street course.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* delcypher (143)
* arfoll (90)
* chairperson (45)
* SimonBerry (18)
* izqit (8)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4