==============
##uuu: BUC2013
==============


Meeting started by delcypher at 21:12:02 UTC.  The full logs are
available at uuu/2013/uuu.2013-03-22-21.12.log.html .



Meeting summary
---------------

* committee member registration  (delcypher, 21:12:15)

* Paying for the sports hall so far we only have four committee members
  registered (thats £200 and we need £400)  (delcypher, 21:15:00)
  * currently have £200 from committee members for sports hall payment.
    We need double that!  (delcypher, 21:15:59)
  * ACTION: Chairperson arfoll delcypher SamGoodBurn agree to pay the
    shortfall which will be between £100 and £200  (delcypher, 21:25:51)

* BUC registration so far  (delcypher, 21:26:00)
  * Currently we have 45 registrations  (delcypher, 21:26:26)

* BUC 2013 Non Unicycling events - Games, Activities, Video Competition
  (delcypher, 21:31:59)
  * Jason_ likes to be flexible in the evening, but likes it hard in the
    morning  (arfoll, 21:44:09)

* Needed equipment: Soundsystem, materials for street/trials, projecto
  (delcypher, 21:55:18)
  * ACTION: delcypher arfoll Jason_ will work together with NoFitState
    to source the materials needed to build the street and trials
    course.  (delcypher, 22:01:21)
  * ACTION: Chairperson will contact NoFitState about soundsystem.
    (delcypher, 22:01:47)

* Getting volunteers  (delcypher, 22:02:38)
  * currently 13 volunteers (that includes committee members)
    (delcypher, 22:04:18)
  * ACTION: Chairperson will ask NoFitState about a projector
    (preferably with HDMI input)  (delcypher, 22:15:44)

* People charging their phones at BUC?  (delcypher, 22:15:49)
  * ACTION: Let's not worry about this for now.  (delcypher, 22:19:10)

* Non riders/competitors registering and attending BUC2013  (delcypher,
  22:19:26)
  * ACTION: None taken. Ticket prices remain fixed  (delcypher,
    22:23:20)

* UUU Website  (delcypher, 22:23:47)
  * Progress has been made integrating DokuWiki with the website
    content. could be ready within 3 weeks.  (delcypher, 22:25:32)
  * LINK: http://www.unicycle.org.uk/dkalpha/events  (gkmac, 22:25:34)
  * LINK: https://www.dokuwiki.org/wiki:syntax  (gkmac, 22:30:17)
  * ACTION: gkmac will add wiki pages for UUU > ( Contact | Resources |
    Membership )  (delcypher, 22:35:02)
  * ACTION: Jason_ Will try editing the About street section on the wiki
    (delcypher, 22:41:45)
  * ACTION: arfoll will try editing the trials section on the wiki
    (delcypher, 22:42:03)
  * ACTION: SimonFlatland will try editing the flatland page
    (delcypher, 22:44:44)
  * LINK: https://www.dokuwiki.org/plugin:vshare  (gkmac, 22:49:45)
  * LINK: http://www.unicycle.org.uk/dkalpha/flatland  (delcypher,
    22:51:19)



Meeting ended at 22:54:47 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* arfoll
  * Chairperson arfoll delcypher SamGoodBurn agree to pay the shortfall
    which will be between £100 and £200
  * delcypher arfoll Jason_ will work together with NoFitState to source
    the materials needed to build the street and trials course.
  * arfoll will try editing the trials section on the wiki
* Chairperson
  * Chairperson arfoll delcypher SamGoodBurn agree to pay the shortfall
    which will be between £100 and £200
  * Chairperson will contact NoFitState about soundsystem.
  * Chairperson will ask NoFitState about a projector (preferably with
    HDMI input)
* delcypher
  * Chairperson arfoll delcypher SamGoodBurn agree to pay the shortfall
    which will be between £100 and £200
  * delcypher arfoll Jason_ will work together with NoFitState to source
    the materials needed to build the street and trials course.
* gkmac
  * gkmac will add wiki pages for UUU > ( Contact | Resources |
    Membership )
* Jason_
  * delcypher arfoll Jason_ will work together with NoFitState to source
    the materials needed to build the street and trials course.
  * Jason_ Will try editing the About street section on the wiki
* SimonFlatland
  * SimonFlatland will try editing the flatland page
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * Let's not worry about this for now.
  * None taken. Ticket prices remain fixed



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* delcypher (145)
* arfoll (74)
* Chairperson (63)
* Jason_ (38)
* gkmac (33)
* SimonFlatland (24)
* izqit (3)
* Jam_ (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4