=============
##uuu Meeting
=============


Meeting started by delcypher at 18:15:25 UTC.  The full logs are
available at uuu/2013/uuu.2013-01-20-18.15.log.html .



Meeting summary
---------------

* Note Committee members present  (delcypher, 18:15:36)
  * delcypher is Dan Liew - Secretary  (delcypher, 18:15:51)
  * gkmac is Gavin - Webmaster  (gkmac, 18:16:01)
  * arfoll is Brendan Le Foll - Trials rep  (arfoll, 18:16:14)
  * Sam___ is Sam Goodburn - Freestyle rep  (Sam____, 18:16:31)
  * iuf is Alan Hogan - IUF Rep  (delcypher, 18:17:09)

* Progress report for temporary UUU website content  (delcypher,
  18:17:27)
  * ACTION: Sam____ JoeBaxter iuf will write about the Freestyle,Muni
    and road disciplines.  (delcypher, 18:24:10)
  * ACTION: delcypher will contact JasonAuld SimonBerry as they were not
    present about website content.  (delcypher, 18:24:46)

* Progress report on IUF role  (delcypher, 18:25:06)
  * iuf has heard back from the Internation Unicycling Federation (IUF).
    He will be listed as the official rep from January.  (delcypher,
    18:25:39)
  * IUF have not informed iuf rep (Alan Hogan) about the role but he
    will hopefully find out more when he meets Olaf in April.
    (delcypher, 18:27:00)

* Progress report on website improvements.  (delcypher, 18:27:47)
  * delcypher has made a simple mock-up that could be used in the
    future.  (delcypher, 18:28:11)
  * The mock up (for those who haven't seen it) is here -->
    http://www.doc.ic.ac.uk/~dsl11/modern-ui-content-fixedwidth/
    (delcypher, 18:29:53)
  * ACTION: gkmac is currently integrating the mock-up into the phpBB
    styles engine.  (delcypher, 18:31:41)
  * Kris Abraham - UUU Chairperson has just joined.  (delcypher,
    18:36:41)
  * gkmac thinks approximate 3 weeks for Doku Wiki integration.
    (delcypher, 18:37:24)

* UUU Events calendar  (delcypher, 18:38:37)
  * delcypher suggested to the committee a few weeks ago about having
    their own events calendar (powered by Google Calendar)  (delcypher,
    18:39:05)
  * ACTION: delcypher will merge all event calendars into a single event
    calendar and share this calendar with other committee members.
    (delcypher, 18:49:12)
  * ACTION: delcypher will write documentation on how to add events to
    google calendar  (delcypher, 18:49:26)
  * ACTION: delcypher will provide gkmac with the code for calendar
    widget and ical links.  (delcypher, 18:51:33)

* Gaining control of the UUU Bank account  (delcypher, 18:54:29)
  * JoeBaxter has contacted HSBC and is getting the signatories changed
    which requires each new signator to visit a HSBC branch and prove
    their identity.  (delcypher, 18:55:36)
  * JoeBaxter chairperson and delcypher are to be the signatories.
    (delcypher, 18:56:00)
  * JoeBaxter is having trouble contacting the correct person at HSBC
    (not returning calls). JoeBaxter will continue to try and make
    contact.  (delcypher, 18:59:38)
  * ACTION: chairperson will ask if his HSBC branch knows anything.
    (delcypher, 19:02:22)

* registering UUU as a charity  (delcypher, 19:05:05)
  * This will not be sorted out by the time BUC comes around because
    HMRC have 6-8 week turn around time and because the bank account
    needs sorting first.  (delcypher, 19:05:45)

* Progress report on finding lvel testers, a record of achievers and
  certificate templates  (delcypher, 19:08:39)
  * ACTION: delcypher will attempt to contact JUST, Sarah Miller and
    Connie Cotter (if e-mail address can be located) about unicycle
    skill levels system.  (delcypher, 19:20:07)

* How are committee members selected.  (delcypher, 19:21:12)
  * ACTION: chairperson will speak to Barry Gates and see if he wishes
    to continue being hockey rep.  (delcypher, 19:27:28)
  * ACTION: Committee positions will be publically offered (by Facebook
    and forum) until BUC. At BUC the draft constitution can be voted on
    and then put into effect which establishes the system for voting,
    etc...  (delcypher, 19:28:54)
  * ACTION: Until BUC (when the constitution can be decided on) new
    committee positions will be publicly offered (via
    Forum/Facebook/Twitter). Voting will take place on IRC (open to
    all).  (delcypher, 19:40:47)

* Should we have a Road unicycling representative?  (delcypher,
  19:41:10)
  * We have reps for most other disciplines, but not road unicycling.
    (delcypher, 19:41:41)
  * ACTION: The UUU will publically advertise for a road representative
    position  (delcypher, 19:49:06)

* Promoting events on facebook/twitter. Should we have each discipline
  rep responsible for posting about events for their discipline.
  (delcypher, 19:50:45)
  * If an event is multi-discipline obviously only one rep needs to post
    about it  (delcypher, 19:51:19)
  * ACTION: to be resolved later.  (delcypher, 19:57:09)

* BUC  (delcypher, 19:57:13)
  * Awaiting on hockey hall  (delcypher, 19:57:31)
  * Liam McNally has been spending his time (thanks Liam!) finding a
    hall for us. Cardiff and Vale College looks promising.  (delcypher,
    19:58:38)
  * Ending meeting, there are a few topics left so we'll have to deal
    with them next time  (delcypher, 20:02:08)



Meeting ended at 20:02:15 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* chairperson
  * chairperson will ask if his HSBC branch knows anything.
  * chairperson will speak to Barry Gates and see if he wishes to
    continue being hockey rep.
* delcypher
  * delcypher will contact JasonAuld SimonBerry as they were not present
    about website content.
  * delcypher will merge all event calendars into a single event
    calendar and share this calendar with other committee members.
  * delcypher will write documentation on how to add events to google
    calendar
  * delcypher will provide gkmac with the code for calendar widget and
    ical links.
  * delcypher will attempt to contact JUST, Sarah Miller and Connie
    Cotter (if e-mail address can be located) about unicycle skill
    levels system.
* gkmac
  * gkmac is currently integrating the mock-up into the phpBB styles
    engine.
  * delcypher will provide gkmac with the code for calendar widget and
    ical links.
* iuf
  * Sam____ JoeBaxter iuf will write about the Freestyle,Muni and road
    disciplines.
* JoeBaxter
  * Sam____ JoeBaxter iuf will write about the Freestyle,Muni and road
    disciplines.
* Sam____
  * Sam____ JoeBaxter iuf will write about the Freestyle,Muni and road
    disciplines.
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * Committee positions will be publically offered (by Facebook and
    forum) until BUC. At BUC the draft constitution can be voted on and
    then put into effect which establishes the system for voting, etc...
  * Until BUC (when the constitution can be decided on) new committee
    positions will be publicly offered (via Forum/Facebook/Twitter).
    Voting will take place on IRC (open to all).
  * The UUU will publically advertise for a road representative position
  * to be resolved later.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* delcypher (137)
* arfoll (65)
* chairperson (60)
* gkmac (32)
* JoeBaxter (20)
* CJCrates (16)
* Sam____ (13)
* iuf (12)
* canadam_ (7)
* izqit (2)
* Guest98982 (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4