---
title: 2001 AGM Minutes
---

# Minutes of the Annual General Meeting of the Union of UK Unicyclists - 21 July 2001

## 1. REVIEW OF MINUTES OF FORMATION MEETING
  The minutes were read out.

## 2. PROGRESS REPORTS:

### Status of organisation

We have rejected the possibilities of being a limited company or a charity.  We
will be a members club, specifically a sports club. We regard unicycling in the
UK as being both a standard sport (e.g. hockey, basketball) and an artistic
sport (artistic unicycling compares to gymnastics or ice dance).

### Number of members and bank balance

* As of the AGM - 20 members.
  [as of the end of Eurocycle - 31 members]
* Cash held at AGM by treasurer £46 (no back account yet), comprising membership fees and some donations raised by sale of Red Bull.
* Treasurer to open bank account with HSBC.
Any one committee member can write cheques up to £50.
Requires 2 signatures for over £50.

### Data Protection Act

**Report from secretary:**
So far it looks like we'll be ok if the organisation is non-profit making. By
ok I mean we don't have to register, however we would still be subject to the
act.  This means that we can store names, addresses, etc. of current members,
past members, possible future members and other individuals we have dealings
with.

We can also store information necessary to determine eligibility of
membership (e.g. age, whether they've paid or not, etc.) If we use the
information for mailshots we have to give them the option to opt out.  We also
have a duty to delete information when it falls outside these areas, e.g.
details of former members should be removed after sufficient time has elapsed
to take into account our administrative processes.

Also we must only store enough information to do our jobs, e.g. we can store
the birthday of someone under 16 (because they have to pay more when they turn
16), but we are not allowed to store the birthday of over 16s, because it is
not relevant to the purpose of maintaining membership records.

Incidentally, all this applies even if the data is not stored on computer, the
only requirement for the act is that it is searchable (so a membership list on
paper in alphabetical order is covered).  If you want to read any of the
nitty-gritty yourselves you can look at: http://www.dataprotection.gov.uk/
Discussion about deletion of information.  It was agreed that we would delete
redundant information (e.g. lapsed memberships) after 6 months.

### Membership cards

Issued by the chairperson. These will give 5% discount on many items at the Roger's UK unicycle.com web site.

### Newsletter

Printed copies handed out to members present. Electronic or printed versions
will be sent to the non-present members.  There will be 2 newsletters per year,
a summer one and a winter one.

### Website

Roger Davies has offered the loan of a suitable domain name for the website, and will also put a link to the site from his commercial site.
Neil Dunlop has offered to be webmaster, and we have gratefully accepted his offer.

### Member discounts

Covered above in membership cards.
We may approach other organisations in the future to negotiate discounts.

### Advertising

The chairperson had produced some flyers which were issued at Eurocycle. They were agreed to be suitable for our purposes.
Mini Mansell has offered to send out flyers with the registration packs for the conventions he deals with [from memory, believed to be the BJC, Durham, and UK registration for EJC].
It was suggested that we approach Roger Davies to see if he would send out a flyer with each unicycle he sells.

## 3. ANY ADDITIONAL ITEMS TO REPORT FROM COMMITTEE MEMBERS:

### Chairperson (Sarah Miller)

None.

### Secretary (Richard Loxley)

Should the membership be for one year from date of joining, or should we do all
renewals at the same time of year (easier)?  After much discussion, decided
that all memberships will last from 1st July one year to 1st July the next.
Members who joined up in April this year will get membership to 1 July 2002.
This allows us to put membership renewal forms in the summer newsletter.  What
address should we use as a contact address? Decided that it is too expensive to
use a PO Box. We will use the address of a committee member, and publish a new
address if that committee member is replaced.  Richard Loxley volunteered to
use his address.

### Treasurer (Paul Gibbs)

None.

### Newsletter editor (Claire Gibbs)

Sent her apologies for her absence.
A question was raised from the floor as to the official language of the UUU, with particular respect to the newsletter (e.g. should we have a Welsh translation?) It was unanimously agreed that the official language of the UUU should be English.

### IUF representative (Jon Marshall)

The IUF has had many problems in establishing a network of IUF representatives. The IUF secretary is currently sorting it out. Jon pointed out that we are ahead of most countries as we have an IUF rep ready for when the IUF actually ask for one.

## 4. DISCUSSION:

### The role of the UUU

It was agreed that the UUU should have 2 main roles:
* Communication of information.
* Promotion of unicycling as a sport.

### The organisation of the UUU

Day-to-day running of the organisation and voting, etc, will be as discussed in the formation meeting.
Would these clash with any regulations required of a sporting members club? Sarah will investigate.

### Should the UUU be responsible for the British Unicycling Convention?

* The UUU will not currently be responsible for the BUC.
* The UUU aims to encourage others to run the BUC and will offer a supporting role to the organisers of the BUC.
* The UUU is willing to hold funds raised from the BUC and pass them on as a
float to the following year's BUC. This role will be offered to the organisers
of the next BUC.

### Insurance

A question was raised over whether the UUU could provide a discounted insurance
scheme to its members.  It was decided that we would need many more members to
get the purchasing power necessary to get an insurance discount. It was also
believed to be more work to organise than is currently possible with the
limited resources available.

## 5. ELECTION OF NEW COMMITTEE MEMBERS

* No new candidates were forthcoming.
* All existing committee members therefore put themselves forward for re-election.
* All 5 committee members we re-elected unanimously.

## 6. ANY OTHER BUSINESS

None.

## 7. DATE OF NEXT MEETING

The next AGM will be held at the British Unicycling Convention in 2002. If there is no BUC in 2002 then another unicycling or juggling event will be picked to host the AGM. This will be announced at the time of the British Juggling Convention in 2002.

## 8. REQUEST FOR ALL MEMBERS TO SUPPLY CONTACT DETAILS AND INDICATE WHETHER THEY WOULD LIKE TO RECEIVE NEWSLETTERS BY EMAIL, POST, OR NEITHER.

All new members signed up at the meeting were asked if they gave this consent.
[The secretary subsequently resolved to contact all existing members to obtain this consent.]
