---
title: 2013 AGM minutes
---

# UUU AGM 2013

* Date: 26/05/2013
* Venue: British Unicycle Convention 2013 (NoFitState, Cardiff, Wales)

## Attending Committee members

* Daniel Liew (secretary)
* Kris Abraham (Chairperson)
* Brendan Le Foll (Trials rep)
* Jason Auld (Street Rep)
* Simon Berry (Flatland Rep)
* Sam Goodburn (Freestyle rep)

## Missing committee members

* Gavin MacGregor (webmaster)
* Joe Baxter (Treasurer/Muni rep)
* James Sandercock (Road Rep)
* Andrew Lenden (Road rep)

**All roles apart from webmaster before the meeting were unofficially held**

** Number present at AGM (excluding committee members): ~7**

## Transfer of bank account signatories

Signatories to be changed from Luke Dutton (former Treasurer) and Sarah Miller
(former Secretary) to the Treasurer, Chairperson and secretary (Joe Baxter,
Kris Abraham and Daniel Liew respectively at the time of writing).

Two signatories will be required to withdraw money. The UUU will continue to
use HSBC. The plan is to use “Internet Banking” (HSBC claim this is possible)
to address the problem of signatories being geographically distant from each
other.

Vote: Unanimous agreement

## Current amount in UUU bank account

Luke Dutton reported that currently the bank account has £543.62. But there
should be more due to

* Cancelled BUC2012 (organised by Sarah Miller) - ~£19. As a gesture of good
  faith ~19 people were given free membership (£1) when they had signed up and
  the event was cancelled. Luke has e-mailed Sarah to find out if this was paid
  into the bank account.
* Payment for BUC2010 - ~£156. Luke is not sure if this is correct. This was
  for the BUC organised by JUST. Need to speak to Sarah/JUST.
* Alan Chambers - £45 (Old committee member). Cheques against his name in old
  system. Luke believes this is incorrect as he doesn't believe he accepted
  cheques. Luke believes this is part of an £86 adjustment he put into the
  account recently. Need to get contact details (nag Roger). It is likely that
  this will need to be written off.

## Current bank account expenditures

Luke said that very little currently comes out of the bank account.

* £10 per anuum for web hosting that goes directly to Gavin MacGregor. No need
  to pay for domain as Roger Davis pays for this (thanks Roger!)
* Funds have been used in the past for Trophy engraving.

Needs to be sorted out.

## Updated website

* There is a new (slightly) more modern interface for the UUU website on top of
  DokuWiki so that committee members can easily edit pages.
* Consolidation of competitions results. The Secretary has tried to gather
  competition results from various BUCs (Trials, Street, Freestyle) over the last
  several years so there is a single source for results. This was quite difficult
  and a lot of information is missing. The secretary has tried contacting the
  various organisers of previous BUCs but no additional information can be found
  other than what is on the website.
* Added events page (Google Calendar). A discussion was had to whether the UUU
  should just use the UDC calendar. Roger thought this was not a good idea
  because of the listed juggling conventions (and possibly the European
  conventions). Hockey information is also a google calendar (so we could import
  heir calendar into ours). We have lots of missing events (Unicon, Nocturne,
  EUC, BJC, EJC, Dusseldorf, Durham juggling convention, Crawley circus
  convention, Mountain Mahem). The committee need to people to submit (to
  committee@unicycle.org.uk). Events we are aware of are also publicised on
  Facebook/Twitter via the UUU's newly setup page and twitter account.
* UUU Forum. It was suggested that events on the calendar are cross posted
  between forum and events calendar. However the forum has seen declining use and
  it is debatable if it should be kept (lots of riders make facebook events now
  anyway). For now we'll keep the forum and try to utilise it more.

## National Road Race (16th June – Horwich cycling festival)

This event has been kindly organised by Julian Page. It is a “national open
event” (open - open to non UK competitors). Seven lap race on closed roads.
Prizes are first, second, third, best man, best woman, under 16, over 50
FIXME).

For next year to allow for the potential of multiple national road races they
can have their length as part of their title (e.g. National open 7km road
race). If Julian is asked again to organised a similar event next year he has
permission from the committee to go ahead and organise it.

## Draft Constitution

When the UUU was established it never had a set of rules to govern it (the only
thing was the initial minutes of the AGM). We have made a draft constitution
for members. We need unicyclists to read it and let us know if they are happy
with it and suggest any necessary changes.

The constitution will be adopted in approximately a year's time at the next
BUC. This needs to be publicly announced.

## Proposal for new UUU membership and level testing database

It is proposed that the UUU scrap it's current membership database as it has
become difficult to manage and ties in accounting unnecessarily. This database
would integrate level testing information as well (if the UUU is to continue
level testing).

Roger suggested that as well as noting the level that a person is tested at
that we also note the level that a tester is at as well.

Vote: Agreed.

## UUU Level testing

It appears this issue was discussed at BUC2010 and the adoption of IUF levels
was agreed upon but was never acted on.

Roger suggested that the UUU adopt the IUF levels by using IUF level
definitions (so the committee does not need to bother with the administration
of that part) but having our own system for level testers that is more relaxed
(if we did IUF levels only Steven Dev??? and ??? could do testing because
they attended unicon).

In the past it appears that the UUU and IUF level diverged because ambiguities
in the rules. However Roger reports that these ambiguities are now gone so the
UUU should probably just adopt the IUF rules.

The UUU need to decide on who is a valid tester!

Proposal that next BUC has level testing and a workshop on how to do level
testing (may be approve testers there).

Use Disclaimer (we adopt the levels) and link to IUF. Check handbook

## This BUC

NoFitState took upon all the financial risk as the UUU does not have sufficient
funds. NoFitState helped a great deal with organisation which included
providing a location, sourcing trials/street course materials. We do not know
the exact attendance numbers yet. NoFitState organisers seem happy with the
event and believe that some profit (an approximate threshold of 70-80 fully
paying attendants was needed) has been made of which the UUU will receive a
portion (we believe the split is 50% but not completely sure). These details
need to be sorted out by the committee.

The committee need to look into seeing if there is a way of attracting more
hockey players next time. The original plan was to have a large tournament held
at Cardiff Vale College on Saturday whilst over events happened but no enough
hockey players pre-registered (only 15!). The chairperson said he believed the
issue was that the hockey players often have their own tournaments (~ every two
months) which they only have to pay ~£10 which makes a going to BUC which had a
£45 asking price is not that attractive if you are interested ONLY in hockey.

It was commented at previous BUCs a full hockey tournament took a large amount
of time (Okehampton ~ 1.5 days) and about a day at Stockton (utilising two
halls). It was also suggested that the tournament needs to be advertised more
(as the national championship – there's a separate trophy from the league
trophy apparently!).

Luke Dutton commented that another problem could be that we as unicyclists have
been “spoilt” by the hard work that Stockton did for BUC2010 which was 50%
sponsored (from grants and several competitions) and so was very cheap.

This could be a future approach to reduce cost. The street rep suggested the
event could be made more attractive to companies by providing a “platform for
promoting their company”. For example by live streaming parts of the event or
company name of t-shirts.

## Next BUC

NoFitState have said they would consider doing it again. The Chairperson
suggested the idea that the venue change to somewhere in the Midlands (easier
to access). Roger did comment though that there was nothing wrong with holding
BUC in the same place twice (Others have said the venue was really good so we
should definitely consider holding it at NoFitState again). The NoFitState
venue has worked well with the good weather but if it had been raining the
venue would not of worked so well due to the outdoor trials course.
Unfortunately the NoFitState venue does not have a large sports hall for
hockey.

The discussion then moved on to when to hold the event. Attendees had very
mixed views. Suggestions:

* Summer Holidays (July - August)
* Sept/October    (Weather may not be so good) (previous BUCs have been held at
  the very beginning of September apparently)
* Second May bank holiday (not so good as exam revision period) (what about the
  first bank holiday in May?)

It was also noted that the next event must **NOT** clash (and not a week after
either) with BJC which was a mistake made in the past.

## Committee Positions

Last September (2012) Jason Auld instigated a take over of the UUU due to
inactivity. New roles (discipline representatives) were created and a call for
committee members was put out. Not enough people responded to allow for a vote
so every current committee member (except the webmaster) gained their role
without being "voted in" by members of the UUU. To speed things along it was
suggested to list the people currently "unofficial" holding roles and the
current attendees would say if they had any objections, if not they would be
officially voted in until the next AGM. No one at the meeting volunteered
themselves for a position.

* Chairperson - Kris Abraham (previously Joe Baxter)
* Secretary - Dan Liew (previously Sarah Miller)
* Treasurer - Joe Baxter (previously Luke Dutton)
* Muni Rep - Joe Baxter
* Trials Rep - Brendan Le Foll
* Street Rep - Jason Auld
* Flatland Rep - Simon Berry
* Freestyle Rep - Sam Goodburn
* Hockey Rep - Barry Gates (previously Paul Young)
* IUF Rep - Alan Hogan (previously Jon Marshall)
* Road Rep - Andrew Lenden and James Sandercock
* Webmaster - Gavin MacGregor

It was commented that the Muni Rep currently being in Singapore was not helpful
(although he should be returning in September) and that if the constitution
doesn't already have it then it should have a clause allowing the committee to
change committee members in certain circumstances.

It was commented though that nobody seems interested in joining the committee
(for example Barry Gates doesn't really have time to be on the committee but we
could not find anyone who was interested in the role!).
